1. Tinder,1.3
#Allows you to produce and control weak flames that are initially about as strong as matchsticks of bonfires.
2. Ember,2.3
#Allows you to produce and control moderate flames that can be shaped into a variety of attacks like fireballs and fire arrows.
3. Blaze,3.3
#Allows you to produce and control flames, allowing you to unleash streams of fire, fire arrows, fire whips, walls of fire etc. 
4. Pyrokinesis,4.4
#Allows you to produce and control flames, your own or natural flames. You have fine control over the flames you control, being able to shape them into arrows, blades, walls, projectiles etc.
5. Hellflame,4.8
#MHA - Allows you to emit and control powerful flames on a large scale. You can unleash giant flamethrowers, and compress your flames into narrow points like lasers, in addition, you are extremely resistant towards flame. 
6. Micro Pyrokinesis,2.2
#You can control heat and flames on a small scale, although your fire and temperatures are weak they are atomically precise.
7. Disaster Flames,6.7
#Jujutsu Kaisen - You embody the fear of humanity against wildfires, eruptions and flames. You have very potent pyrokinetic abilities as well as lava generation and manipulation. Due to your flames being more conceptual in nature they are far less restrained by ordinary limitations.
8. Amaterasu,6.8
#Naruto - The flames of hell, allow you to ignite an object in your line of sight with the flames of Amaterasu that are impossible to extinguish through normal means and can burn anything. The more this ability is used, the more strain is placed on the user's eye to the point where they may bleed or go blind.
9. Frenzied Flame,6.3
#Elden Ring - Allows the user to wield and manipulate the Frenzied Flame. Fire born from the influence of a foreign cosmic entity capable of burning even minds, souls and space yet also causes mental instability in the user the more it is used, making them obsessed with destruction.
10. Ignite,3.5
#Allows the user to instantly set any object they are in contact with aflame, the stronger a target is, the harder it is to set them on fire. With training, you can also ignite adjacent objects.
11. Conflagration,4.8
#Allows the user to instantly set any target or area they are in contact with aflame, the stronger a target is, the harder it is to set them on fire. With a touch you can set entire buildings on fire, and with enough training even entire cities.
12. Mystic Eyes of Flame,4.7
#Allows you to increase the temperature of and spontaneously combust any target in your line of sight. The stronger the target the more energy is expended. While active your eye turns red and has the image of three overlapping triangles
13. Fire Cloak,3.4
#Skyrim - Allows you to cloak your body and your surroundings in flame, whenever a target gets near you they are set aflame unless they are friendly. May not work on stronger opponents. While fire cloak is active, all fire-based abilities are slightly more potent.
14. Fireball,2.2
#Allows you to form and launch balls from your hands or other appendages, the potency and size of the fireballs are dependent on the amount of energy expended.
15. Flame Weaponry,3.6
#Allows you to emit fire that can shape into any variety of cold weaponry such as swords, axes, hammers and even bows and crossbows. The flames mimic the properties of the weapon it forms into, so it will be sharp as a sword, heavy as a hammer etc.
16. Frostflare,4.5
#Calamity Mod - Allows you to emit and control incredibly powerful and potent Frostflare, flames that freeze instead of burning. While using Frostflare you gain incredible ice and cold resistance in exchange for vulnerability to flame.
17. Fire Absorption,4.3
#Allows you to absorb fire into your body, either storing it to release it later as your own flames or converting it into energy for your own use. But strong enough flames might be impossible or painful to absorb. Absorbing too much fire without release can cause internal burning.
18. Pyromaster,7.2
#Allows the user to control flames and ignition on the level of a Level 5 Esper from Toaru. Your precision, range and control over flame and ignition is unmatched.
19. Unholy Flames,5.7
#Flames of Hell, these flames are so incredibly powerful and potent that even the user is not completely immune to them, causing them to suffer burns from overuse. In addition, these flames deal severe damage to any Holy and Light-based being.
20. Profaned Flames,6.2
#Calamity Mod - Allows you to channel and control the flames of Providence the Profaned Goddess, these flames are incomparably hot and turn all to impartial ash. These flames ignore all fire resistance.
21. Profaned Guardian Transformation,6.5
#Calamity Mod - Allows you to accept the influence of Providence, the Profaned Goddess and temporarily take the form of one of her guardians. Massively increasing your physical stats, granting you wings of flame and the ability to manipulate Profaned Flames. But maintaining this transformation heats up your insides and burns you slowly inside out until it is released, this effect is only mitigated by fire resistance.
22. Shadowflames,4.7
#Terraria - Allows the user to emit and control Shadowflame. The unknowable flames, these flames do not make sound, lack an energy signature and burn away light, making them incredibly difficult to perceive. An experienced user can hide Shadowflame from all senses.
23. Fire Fist,2.6
#Allows you to coat your fists in flames, these flames mimic the properties of your fists and enhance the power behind your strikes while also burning the target. You can also release the fire while punching to create a burning fist projectile.
24. Fire Logia,7.6
#One Piece - Allows the user to emit, create, shape, control and turn into fire and flame at will. Turning them into living fire.
25. Coat Flames,2.6
#Allows you to coat any object you are touching in flames that form a layer around the object These flames do not affect the integrity of the object.
26. Enflame,3.2
#Allows you to coat any object you are holding or your own body in flames, these flames mimic the properties of and reinforce the object the object they are coating. If they coat fists they increase blunt force and if they coat flames they enhance cutting ability alongside their flames.
27. Heat Object,1.8
#Allows you to heat up any object by touching it, the more energy you expend the hotter and faster you can get the target object to heat up.
28. Heat Metal,2.2
#DnD - Allows you to increase the temperature of any metal in your sensory range, the more energy you expend the faster and hotter you can increase the target's temperature.
29. Heatwave,3.5
#Allows you to unleash waves of pure heat from your body that you can either control as directed waves or omnidirectional heat.
30. Sunny Day,3.8
#Allows you to change the weather into harsh sunlight, decreasing the power of any water-based ability in the vicinity while boosting the potency of any fire-based ability.
31. Desolate Land,5.2
#Allows you to change the weather and land to the Desolate Land, raising the temperature and getting rid of moisture to create an unlivable desolate environment with burning harsh sunlight, scorched lands and rivers of lava. Largely amplifies the power of Fire and Earth-based abilities while nullifying all Water-based abilities below Epic rank and weakening those above.
32. Kamino,3.9
#Jujutsu Kaisen - By chanting "Kamino" you can manifest a fire arrow with immense power behind it, although the wind-up is slow, its sheer destructive power and heat more than makeup for it.
33. Blazing Courage,3.6
#From JJK coats object in flames that imitate the aspects of the object like sharp flames or blunt flames
34. Dark Flames,3.6
#Allows you to emit and control the Black Flames of humanity, these flames do not burn or exude heat but instead possess mass greater than most metals, shredding whatever they touch instead of burning them.
35. Extinguish Flames,2.2
#Allows you to remotely extinguish any fire or flame in your sensory range, the stronger a flame is, the more energy you need to expend to extinguish it.
36. Godslayer Apostle Flames,4.7
#Elden Ring - Allows you to wield and control the Godslaying Flames of the Godskin Apostles. While these flames are already plenty strong on their own, when against the divine, these flames get significantly hotter and more potent. The more divine the enemy is, the more potent the flames
37. Blood Flames,4.3
#Elden Ring - Allows you to wield and control Bloodflames, conjuring these flames does not expend energy but instead consumes your vitality and health. In addition to being much more potent than regular flames, blood flames also lacerate on contact and are extremely hard to heal from.
38. Bloodflame Talons,2.9
#Elden Ring - Allows you to conjure talons made of blood flame that both burns and lacerates whoever it digs into. These claws do not expend energy but instead health and vitality to manifest, the more vitality expended, the stronger the claws.
39. Heat vision,3.6
#DC - Allows you to emit laser beams of extreme heat from your eyes, the you can concentrate the beams for less area but more power and vice versa. The longer the beam travels the less powerful it gets.
40. Flame Burst,2.5
#Allows you to unleash a concentrated burst of flame like a beam from your hands. You can also unleash a continuous but less powerful beam of fire.
41. Fire Claws,2.2
#Unordinary - Allows you to grow your fingernails into very durable and sharp claws that you can cover in very hot flames. These claws can even carve apart and melt metal. 
42. Flamethrower,2.5
#Allows you to unleash a constant stream of fire from anywhere on your body, the more energy you expend, the hotter and more potent the stream of flame is.
43. Combustion,3.8
#Allows you to create explosions of flame from anywhere on your body. 
44. Firebreath,2.9
#Allows you to unleash a breath attack of flame like a Dragon, the gout of flame breath you unleash is very powerful and potent, and the power increases the more you charge and the more energy you expend.
45. Explosive Sweat,3.3
#MHA - You can sweat a very explosive compound on demand that you can detonate at any time, allowing you to unleash powerful explosions. 
46. Explosion,4.4
#Allows you to create and project explosions of flame at will, you can launch explosions as condensed projectiles that resemble large glowing bullets that explode on contact. Or with enough mastery, you can send streams of explosive energy from your fingers and palms.
47. Detonation,3.8
#Allows you to charge any item you are holding with explosive energy that you can detonate at any time, turning them into what are essentially time bombs. The explosive energy fades over time. The more energy you expend, the stronger the explosion.
48. Explosion!,4.9
#Konosuba - Allows you to call down an incredibly powerful explosion down from the sky like the wrath of a god or a thermonuclear warhead. The longer you charge the explosion and the more energy you expend, the stronger the explosion is.
49. Heat Palm,1.2
#Unordinary - Allows you to heat up your palms to red-hot levels, only your palms.
50. Magma Logia,7.8
#One Piece - Allows you to create, control, and transform into Lava and Magma at will. Turning you into a living eruption.
51. Eruption,3.6
#Allows you to make magma/lava shoot up from the ground like volcanic eruptions by hitting the ground. With training, you can unleash it from any sufficiently large surface.
52. Lava,4.6
#Allows you to create and control Magma/Lava at will such as hurling large volcanic rocks, forming lava whips, lakes of lava, bullets of magma etc.
53. Match,0.5
#Allows you to light a small flame on your fingers, barely qualifies to be a lighter.
54. Droplet,0.3
#Allows you to conjure small streams of water that drip down from your fingers. Barely enough to wash your hands.
55. Spray Water,1.2
#Allows you to unleash a spray of water from your hands like a showerhead or a hose. Useful for putting out fires and dousing people.
56. Sprinkle,1.6
#Allows you to telekinetically control water to a minor degree, while it does not have enough power output to hurt someone, it can still be used to douse someone or remove moisture from inanimate objects etc.
57. Create Water,2.3
#Konosuba - Allows you to create large volumes of fresh water from your hands but does not allow you to control it, the stream of water is strong enough to seriously hurt someone.
58. Flood,3.6
#Allows you to create and release extreme volumes of water from your body, even at a basic level it is enough to flood a building, with training you can flood entire streets and towns. Doesn't grant control over the water created.
59. Geyser,2.0
#Allows the user to create geysers of water that erupt from the ground around them, the more energy you expend, the more powerful the geysers.
60. Mist,2.5
#Allows you to create and control mist, using it to obscure, hinder and even smother flames. With training, you could create ice mist to freeze or condense mist to create physical obstacles and attacks.
61. Lesser Hydrokinesis,2.2
#Allows you to create and control water around yourself telekinetically, it is not particularly powerful but it is still very versatile and precise.
62. Water Manipulation,3.4
#Allows you to control and shape any water you are in physical contact with, you cannot control water you aren't touching. As long as you maintain contact you can freely morph the water and move it as you like, the more energy you expend, the larger quantities of water you can control and the more power you can exert. 
63. Micro Hydrokinesis,2.2
#Allows you to control water on a small scale, although the power you can exert over the water and your range is negligible, your control is atomically precise.
64. Hydro Pump,3.2
#Allows you to create and emit streams of high-volume high-pressure water from your body, these canons of water are strong enough to tear through concrete like paper.
65. Sponge,2.7
#Allows you to absorb and store vast quantities of water in your body by touching them, you can unleash this water at any time.
66. Dehydration,2.8
#Allows the user to evaporate the moisture inside of an object or target through physical, you could turn trees into dust, crumble most rocks etc. Using it on a living target is much harder as they can resist the effects.
67. Drought,3.6
#Allows the user to remotely evaporate water in their sensory range by expending energy, the larger the quantity of water the more energy you need to expend. With enough training, you can even evaporate water inside of objects in your sensory range. Magical waters and water inside more powerful objects take more energy to evaporate.
68. Water Manipulation,3.5
#Allows the user to create and control water, the more energy they expend, the larger quantities of water they can create and control and the more force they can apply to the water. 
69. Hydrokinesis,4.6
#Allows the user to telekinetically control Water(H2O) allowing them to freely control, move and shape it and other water-based targets to their liking.
70. Razorblade Typhoon,3.8
#Terraria - Allows you to create miniature typhoons that resemble disks of whirling water razor saw blades, you can unleash these typhoons to deal devastating damage. In addition, they can lock in on and hone into your target.
71. Whirlpool,2.5
#Allows you to create and control whirlpools of water, either using them as barriers, projectiles or general hindrances.
72. Rain,2.2
#Allows you to make it rain from the skies, the more energy you expend the larger the scale of the rain. Slightly boosts water-based abilities and slightly weakens fire-based ones.
73. Torrent,3.7
#Allows you to change the weather of the local area to heavy rain, boosting the potency of water-based abilities while weakening fire-based abilities in the area.
74. Primordial Sea,5.2
#Allows you to call down the primordial sea, summoning a torrential downpour and mighty waves that swallow the land you are on. During Primordial Sea, all water-based abilities are greatly boosted while all fire-based abilities below Epic rank are snuffed out and those above are greatly weakened.
75. Dampen,0.8
#Allows you to dampen any object you are touching by making it more moist.
76. Dry,0.7
#Allows you to dry any object you are touching, note that does not evaporate all water particles inside but only gets rid of moisture the object should otherwise not have.
77. Aquamaster,7.5
#Allows you to create and control Water(H2O) on the scale of a level 5 esper from Toaru. Granting you incredible range, power and unmatched precision in controlling water. 
78. Holy Water,3.6
#Allows you to create and control holy water, holy water is very effective against unholy beings, you expend more energy to either create more water or create more potent holy water.
79. Hydrofreeze,5.9
#Unordinary - allows the user to create, control and turn into water and ice, allowing them to shift into water to either escape or dodge, create icicles, freeze opponents etc. But assuming water or ice likewise makes you vulnerable to what water is vulnerable to.
80. Water Bubbles,0.7
#Allows you to blow harmless water bubbles from your body.
81. Hydrification,3.6
#Allows the user to turn their body into water at will, allowing them to slip away, be immune to physical attacks and gain increased mobility. But turning into water also makes the user vulnerable to weaknesses water has.
82. Water Breathing,1.1
#Allows the user to breathe underwater as if they were on land.
83. Steam Emission,3.2
#Allows the user to conjure, control and emit blasts of hot steam from their body.
84. Ink Manipulation,3.3
#Allows the user to create and telekinetically control ink. With training, you could even condense ink into hardened constructs under your command.
85. Cool,0.6
#Allows you to decrease the temperature of objects through touch. Does not decrease it particularly fast and it's certainly not enough to freeze then, but it will keep your drink or ice cream cool.
86. Chill,1.7
#Allows you to create and control ice to a minor degree, not very good for skewering people with icicles but good for conjuring things like ice cubes or ice knives.
87. Frostbite,2.8
#Allows you to rapidly freeze targets you are touching, with training you can increase the area of effect to freeze someone's entire body by grabbing their hand, or freeze the floor of an entire street.
88. Ice Spike,2.5
#Allows the user to conjure and launch ice spikes or make the spikes of ice erupt from the ground. The more energy they expend, the stronger and larger the icicles.
89. Ice Creation,3.5
#Allows you to create ice but not control it, you can still conjure walls of ice, shoot out spikes, ice weapons etc but you do not have telekinetic control over the ice you create. 
90. Iceberg,4.3
#Allows the user to freeze objects and create massive amounts of ice, allowing them to freeze entire streets, encase buildings in ice and with training, they can even turn entire city blocks into icebergs.
91. Ice Age,5.7
#Allows the user to freeze objects and create incredible volumes of ice at will, freezing entire cities and buildings, launching ice boulders that weigh thousands of tons, impale people with pillars of ice. With enough training, they can turn entire cities into mountains of ice.
92. Frost,3.6
#Allows the user to create and control ice at will, but they cannot control ice they haven't created.
93. Ice Manipulation,4.8
#MHA - Allows the user to sense and exert telekinetic control over all ice in their range, but they themselves cannot create ice. But it is very potent in its control.
94. Half Hot Half Cold,5.6
#MHA - Allows the user to create and emit both ice and fire from either side of their body, also providing elemental resistance to both fire and ice. In addition, with enough training, they can combine both aspects to unleash Frostflare.
95. Frozen Heart,4.8
#Heavily boosts the power of the user's ice abilities and forcefully keeps their minds calm and sharp, making them resistant to any mental influences, in addition, they are immune to all frost effects below Epic rank.
96. Cryokinesis,4.5
#Allows the user to telekinetically create and control ice and cold, allowing them to create ice constructs, remotely freeze objects etc.
97. White Album,4.8
#Jojo Stand - Allows the user to freeze objects with extreme temperatures and form an armour of cold ice around themselves, they can freely dispel the effects of their ability. With enough training, they can plunge objects to near sub-zero temperatures.
98. Horus,4.2
#Jojo - Allows the user to control and create ice constructs and launch them as projectiles, this ability can act independently from the user, attacking hostiles without their input and automatically creating ice barriers around them when in danger.
99. Demons Extract,6.8
#Akame Ga Kill Esdeath - Grants the user extreme cryokinetic abilities as well as the ability to freeze virtually anything as well as create extreme amounts of ice that they can telekinetically control. With enough training the user can briefly freeze even time itself.
100. Cryomaster,7.5
#Toaru - Allows the user to control cold and ice on the same level as a level 5 esper from Toaru. Granting them unmatched range, power and control over Ice and Cold.
101.Snow Warning,2.3
#Allows the user to summon a snowstorm on their location that slightly boosts ice-based abilities.
102.Blizzard,3.7
#Allows the user to summon a fierce blizzard that boosts the power of ice-based abilities.
103.Snow Manipulation,3.4
#Allows the user to create and control snow, the amount of snow and the power behind it is equal to the amount of energy expended.
104.Snow Logia,4.9
#Monet from one piece - Allows the user to create, control and turn into snow. Turning them into a living entity of snow.
105.Ice Logia,7.1
#Aokiji from one piece- Allows the user to create, control and turn into ice. Turning them into a living entity of ice.
106.Freezing Breath,3.1
#Allows you to charge and unleash a breath attack of frigid winds that freeze whatever they hit. The longer you charge and the more energy you expend the more powerful the breath is.
107.Ice Sprout,2.2
#Allows the user to sprout ice constructs from the ground and other surfaces in the form of walls and pillars to serve as barriers, hinder enemies or squish them.
108.Black Ice,4.3
#Allows you to create and control black ice, black ice is a special type of incredibly durable ice that is very resistant against heat and fire.
109.Ice Formation,5.0
#Jujustsu Kaisen - Allows the user to manifest extreme levels of cold and ice at will that they can exert telekinetic control over.,
110.Absolute Zero,7.0
#Allows you to drop temperatures down to absolute zero on either a target you are touching or in an area, the temperature drop is not instant. The more energy you can expend, the faster you can reach Absolute Zero.
111.Divinity Water & Ice,8.0
#You are a god of water and ice who holds domain over both with all that entails
112.Typhoon,4.2
#Allows you to manifest and control Typhoons at will, creating miniature ones as direct attacks or unleashing them on an entire area for massive devastation.
113.Breeze,0.4
#Allows you to conjure a light breeze from your body, not nearly strong enough to blow a grown man off his feet.
114.Gust,1.6
#Allows you to conjure and control winds strong enough to injure and take grown men off their feet.
115.Wind,2.4
#Allows you to conjure and control winds and air with decent power and precision, strong enough to kill people with lashes of wind or throw them in the air with gusts of wind.
116.Gale,3.5
#Allows you to conjure, shape and control powerful gales of wind and air.
117.Hurricane,4.4
#Allows you to conjure and command mighty winds and hurricanes with great power. With enough training, you can devastate several cities with hurricanes and storms.
118.Tempest,5.3
#Upgrade of Hurricane You can create and create mighty storms and hurricanes to create massive devastation. With enough training, you can unleash grand tempests that devastate cities.
119.Aerokinesis,4.9
#Allows you to sense and telekinetically control wind, granting you precise and powerful control of the air around you. 
120.Wind Blade,2.7
#Allows you to conjure and launch razor-sharp currents of wind in the shapes of slashes that take the form of crescent slashes.
121.Wind Edge,2.4
#Allows you to cloak any item you are holding with razor-sharp winds to enhance its cutting ability while also allowing you to launch the cloak any time as a projectile to extend the cutting effect.
122.Delta Stream,3.0
#Allows you to call forth winds that turn the surrounding area to become very windy, enhancing the power and efficiency of all wind-based abilities.
123.Floating,2.4
#Allows you to cloak yourself in winds that carry you, allowing you to fly through the air
124.Wind Flight,3.0
#Allows you to push off of the air around you, allowing you to fly with precision and power.
125.Air Jet,3.3
#Allows you to create air jets, streams of powerful air currents
126.Wind Cloak,3.2
#Allows you to cloak yourself in powerful winds, these winds will assist your movements, making you faster, and swifter and allowing you to dash and float with their help.
127.Whirlwind,4.0
#MHA - Allows you to create and control powerful whirlwinds and air currents that you can control but it is not very precise.
128.Vacuum,4.3
#Allows you to create vacuums and control them in your sensory range allowing you to pull things in and cause implosions. The more powerful a vacuum is the more energy it expends. 
129.Louden,0.9
#Allows you to increase noises to non-destructive levels that, while obnoxiously loud won't cause damage.
130.Megaphone,1.4
#Allows you to amplify all noises you create, they can get so loud that they disorientate and temporarily deafen opponents.
131.Sonic Blast,2.9
#Allows you to amplify all noises you create, they can get so loud that they can crack objects, rupture eardrums and deafen opponents.
132. View Air,2.4
#Allows you to share your senses with the air around you, allowing you to map the world around you through the wind. The base range is 1km but it can be improved with training and base stats.
133.Boomburst,3.6
#Allows you to amplify all noises you create, to the point where they cause physical destruction, internal damage, and deafness. 
134.Airlock,3.7
#Allows you to increase the air resistance in an area to the point where it can feel like wading through mud and make things like flight near impossible, with training you can increase it to the point where even trying to move causes things to burst into flame from friction. 
135.Storm Blade,3.8
#Allows you to conjure a blade of compressed air that you can manipulate the size and shape of, this most commonly takes the shape of the sword. You can also release wind slash projectiles from this blade.
136.Wind Barrier,2.7
#Allows you to conjure a barrier made of violent air streams, by default it is a barrier around the user that excels in deflecting projectiles and elements but not so much physical force.
137.Invisible Air,4.0
#From Fate - Barrier of the Wind King, the invisible air is a barrier made of several layers of extremely compressed air that the user can control at will, to either release in destructive bursts, cover an object in to render them invisible or to reinforce an existing weapon in incredibly powerful winds.
138.Weather Manipulation,4.2
#Allows you to manipulate the weather conditions in an area, despite the massive range consumes very little energy but can't be used offensively very well.
139.Wind Alteration,4.8
#Allows you to alter the chemical composition and properties of air, allowing you to increase the oxygen concentration to make it more flammable and poisonous or dense enough that it feels like steel among other things.
140.Oxygen Manipulation,6.8
#Allows you to sense and telekinetically control oxygen and oxygen atoms with extreme precision and power.
141.Aeromaster,7.8
#Toaru - Allows the user to control wind, air and its composition on the same level as a level 5 esper from Toaru. Granting them unmatched range, power and control over wind and air.
142.Atmospheric Pressure Manipulation,4.1
#Allows you to control atmospheric pressure with zones that you can increase and decrease the pressure of. 
143.Air Whips,2.5
#Allows the user to create and control whips of compressed air that they can use to lash out or grab things with. The longer and stronger the whip the more energy is expended
144.Spark,0.4
#Allows you to create small sparks of electricity from your body, not even strong enough to function as a proper taser.
145.Taser,1.4
#Allows you to channel electricity through your body and discharge it, strong enough to seriously hurt someone.
146.Arc,2.2
#Allows you to channel electricity through your body and discharge, with training you can channel where your electricity goes to aim it more precisely.
147.Electric Discharge,3.3
#Allows you to channel potent electricity through your body and discharge, with training you can channel where your electricity goes to aim it more precisely.
148.Lightning Channel,3.0
#Allows you to channel lightning through any object you are holding, reinforcing and empowering them, this lightning imitates the object it is channelled through, becoming sharp with a sword and heavy with a hammer.
149.Lightning Absorption,3.4
#Allows you to absorb electricity and lightning and store it inside of your body. You can convert absorbed lightning into energy to refill your reserves or channel it to increase your power or use it as an attack.
150. Call Lightning,2.8
#Allows you to call down lightning that strikes from the sky to strike any location in your sensory range, not very effective indoors.
151. Call Thunder,3.2
#Allows you to call down powerful thunder that strikes from the sky to strike any location in your sensory range, not very effective indoors.
152. Call Greater Thunder,4.0
#Allows you to call down very powerful thunder that strikes from the sky to strike any location in your sensory range, not very effective indoors. With training, you can call down multiple at once or even charge it to send down a concentrated spear of thunder.
153.Storm Call,5.8
#Allows you to freely call thunder and lightning from the skies to strike down on the ground with little energy consumption. You can even charge it to smite the world with concentrated lightning.
154.Lightning Form,4.4
#Allows you to turn into a living bolt and lightning and travel extremely quickly while ignoring most types of conventional attacks. But you are extremely vulnerable to grounding which will eject you from lightning while injuring you.
155.Radio Waves,3.1
#(Tech)MHA - Allows you to emit electromagnetic waves that disable and cripple all technology with an interface. With training, you can even fine-tune the waves you send to instead to activate or control electronics.
156.Impulse,2.0
#Allows you to quicken the electrical signals in your body, increasing your reflexes and speed proportionally. Overusing may cause nerve damage.
157.Godspeed,4.2
#HxH - Overhaul the nervous system with your own lightning, giving near-instant reflexes and granting you extreme speed. But the lightning will cause damage to your body over time so extended use is not recommended.
158.Electrokinesis,4.8
#Allows you to create and control electricity at will, whether that be shooting lightning bolts, pulling a Palpatine, or tweaking your own bioelectricity. But you cannot control electromagnetic waves.
159.Electromagnekinesis,6.0
#Allows you to sense, interact with and control electromagnetism, a fundamental force of the universe, allowing you to control magnetic objects, create railguns, shoot lightning, tweak bioelectricity and much more.
160. Assign,3.3
#Allows you to assign polarity to objects to make them attract or repel each other, needs physical contact to activate. The more energy you expend the stronger a polarity is.
161. Electromaster,7.7
#Toaru - Allows you complete control over Electromagnetism, a fundamental force of the universe, your range, power and precision in manipulating Electromagnetism is unmatched.
162. Stun Shock,2.4
#Allows you to mess up someone's bioelectricity via touch, stunning or paralyzing them, with training you could do advanced manipulation of their bodies. The stronger an opponent is, the harder it is to affect them.
163. Lightning Breath,3.0
#Allows you to charge and unleash a breath of devastating lightning waves, the longer you charge for and the more energy you expend, the stronger the breath is.
164. Railgun,3.9
#Allows you to turn any magnetic object in your grasp into a railgun projectile, the higher the mass higher cost and you also have to aim it.
165. Frozen Lightning,3.5
#Allows you to wield and control frozen lightning, unlike regular lightning which is incredibly hot, Frozen Lightning is instead proportionally colder, freezing whatever object it electrocutes or passes through.
166. Lightning Spear,2.6
#Allows the user to conjure a spear of lightning that they can throw as a projective,(does not travel at lightning speed). This spear possesses penetrative power and deals increased damage against draconic entities.
167. Great Lightning Spear,3.1
#Allows the user to conjure a spear of lightning that they can throw as a projective,(does not travel at lightning speed). This spear possesses penetrative power and deals increased damage against draconic entities that rends their powerful scales and hides, nulling their defence.
168. Sunlight Spear,3.7
#Allows the user to conjure a spear of lightning imbued with the power of the sun that they can throw as a projective. This spear possesses penetrative power and deals increased damage against draconic entities and unholy beings.
169. Thunder Cloak,3.8
#Allows you to cloak your body in thunder, increasing your speed, power and reflexes while also imbuing electricity into your attacks.
170. Chidori,3.0
#Naruto - Allows the user to cloak their hands in violent sharp electricity that also enhances piercing and cutting ability, essentially turning their hands into lightning blades.
171. Lightning Bolt,3.1
#Release a bolt of lightning from your hands to the target that travels at the speed of lightning.
172. Electromagnetic Sight,2.2
#Allows the user to change their vision to be able to see electromagnetism and electricity even through walls as well as being able to instinctively distinguish between and understand them.
173. Electricity,4.0
#Unordinary - Allows the user to create and control electricity(not kinesis) as well as use it to slightly enhance their own stats, they can also sense and see nearby currents even through walls, and they can also ground opponent lightning with their own body.
174. Lightning Conduit,5.5
#Infamous - Allows the user to absorb lightning to harness its powers, does not consume mana but instead absorbed electricity reserves, and allows the user to turn into, manipulate and generate electricity by expending their reserves.
175. Lightning Claws,2.6
#Create claws of violent lightning on top of your regular hands to sever and electrocute enemies at the same time.
176. Pebble Sling,0.3
#Conjure pebbles and small rocks and sling them toward enemies to minorly inconvenience them or hurt them if they hit their eyes.
177. Rock Throw,1.4
#Conjure rocks and small stones and launch them as projectiles, not very powerful but a rock thrown at your head always hurts.
178. Stone Bullet,2,3
#Conjure rocks and small stones and shoot them like bullets with lethal power, you are basically a living stone gun.
179. Boulder Hurl,2.8
#Conjure a large boulder and hurl it at your enemies, regardless of your existing strength, the weight of the boulder does not affect your throwing ability regardless if it is a person or a house-sized boulder.
180. Rock Shotgun,2.6
#Conjure multiple small rocks and launch them at lethal speeds.
181. Bullet,3.3
#Allows you to conjure lead or other metal bullets ranging from small to high calibre and launch them at supersonic to hypersonic speeds. The more energy you expend the higher the caliber bullet and higher its speed.
182. Move Earth,2.5
#Allows you to telekinetically move earth in your sensory range, does not have much lethal power.
183. Quicksand,2.0
#Allows you to turn ground into quicksand that grabs and pulls anyone who steps on it.
184. Earth Spikes,2.9
#Allows you to create, control and launch spikes made from earth and rock. You can also make these spikes energy from the ground in your sensory range.
185. Meteor Strike,4.1
#Call down meteors from the sky, the size of the meteor and its speed are dependent on the amount of energy you expend.
186. Chain & Shackle,3.7
#Create metal chains and shackles that erupt from the earth to bind your enemies, they are very difficult to dodge as they track opponents and chase them down. 
187. Catapult,3.4
#Create and launch giant boulders at your enemies regardless of your existing strength, the weight of the boulder does not affect your throwing ability regardless if it is a person or a house-sized boulder.
188. Stonesprout,2.1
#Allows you to sprout constructs of rock and stones from surfaces such as walls and pillars to act as defense, terrain or to smash your enemies with them.
189. Micro Ferrokinesis,2.4
#Allows you to manipulate metals on a small but extremely precise scale. You cannot hurl cars but you could grab a chunk of gold and turn it into an extremely ornate ring with microscopic carvings.
190. Earth Armor,2.0
#Allows you to create an armour made of earth around your body to absorb blows and attacks. This armour does not impede your mobility or speed.
191. Earthquake,2.8
#Allows the user to create earthquakes, causing massive environmental destruction.
192. Fissure,2.2
#Allows the user to create fissures on objects to shatter them or to split them apart. The harder an object is, the more energy is needed to fissure.
193. Ferrokinesis,4.9
#Allows the user to telekinetically control and shape metal in their sensory range. Ripping them out of buildings to turn them into spears to launch at enemies, flying using some metal bands, controlling blood with iron etc.
194. Terrakinesis,4.5
#Allows the user to telekinetically control earth and rock in their sensory range. 
195. Armor,3.1
#Allows you to create very durable and reinforced metal armour on your body that enhances endurance. The stronger you are, the stronger the metal formed is, you can also change the shape of the armour with concentration. 
196. Metal Kaiser,4.0
#Worm - Allows you to create metal from any non-organic surface such as giant blades, walls, and pillars. The more energy you expend, the more metal is created.
197. Iron Manipulation,3.6
#Allows you to telekinetically control iron and iron-based objects in your perception. The level of control and strength is based on the level of focus and the amount of mana spent.
198. Extinction Meteors,5.2
#Allows you to bring down giant meteors that can cause massive devastation and damage. The mass, power and speed of these meteors are dependent on the amount of energy expended. This ability is quite expensive to use.
199. Pocket Sand,0.4
#Conjure and launch a handful of sand from your hands, shouting pocket sand as you do so might make it stronger.
200. Sandshot,1.1
#Conjure and launch sand from your fingers at non-lethal speeds but enough to harm people.
201. Sandstream,2.2
#Launch powerful steams of sand from your body to hinder enemy vision and injure them, equivalent to sandblasting them.
202. Sandblast,2.6
#Allows you to launch blasts of high-velocity sand clouds, capable of rending and shredding metals and especially flesh 
203. Death Valley Duster,3.8
#Allows you to conjure violent clouds of sand and dust that you can launch with blasts of immense power like a sandblast to shred targets.
204. Primordial Earth,5.6
#Allows you to control earth, dust and sand in your sensory range, allowing you to unleash giant blasts of sand, launch jagged boulders, and make stalagmites erupt. 
205.Primordial Ancient,6.3
#Allows you to control earth, dust and sand to extreme levels, what it lacks in precision it makes up in unbelievable destructive power.
206. Karura's Blessing,4.2
#Karura's blessing is an autonomous sand shield that protects from danger automatically and does not consume mana. 
207. Burial,2.7
#Allows you to instantly bury any target touching the ground under the ground, suffocating and crushing them, using burial on a corpse prevents necromancy and revival on them.
208. Summon Lesser Earth Elemental,3.6
#Allows you to temporarily conjure and command lesser earth elementals like ones from DnD or other fantasy series as long as they are ranked lower than rare. Elementals fade over time if not supplied with energy.
209. Summon Earth Elemental,4.5
#Allows you to temporarily conjure and command earth elementals like ones from Hota or other fantasy series as long as they are ranked lower than Elite. Elementals fade over time if not supplied with energy.
210. Summon Greater Earth Elemental,5.0
#Allows you to temporarily conjure and command earth elementals like ones from Overlord or other fantasy series as long as they are ranked lower than Epic. Elementals fade over time if not supplied with energy. 
211.Golem Creation,4.0
#Allows you to animate and command golems from earth, mud, sand or metal, the more durable and powerful the golem the higher the cost. The golems can be made temporary with less energy cost or permanent with a very high energy cost.
212.Titan Armor,5.0
#Allows you to form a gigantic armour of kaiju proportions around yourself by fusing with the earth and forming it into armour around yourself. The bigger the armor the more energy expended.
213.Golem Armor,3.6
#Allows you to create a golem around yourself that acts as armour and enhances your physical stats constructed from the ground underneath your feet or materials you are touching.
214.Stalagmite Burst,2.6
#Allows you to unleash stalagmite blades that erupt from the ground as spikes to impale your enemies.
215.Thousand Arrows,4.2
#Pokemon - Allows you to create and launch spears or arrows made of the ground around you, either as artillery, traps, or just plain projectile bombardment.
216.Metal Manipulation,4.2
#MHA - Allows you to control the shape and form of all metals you are in contract with. 
217.Mud Manipulation,3.4
#Allows you to conjure and control mud, creating swamps underneath your feet or bombarding your opponents with mud. 
218.Crystal Shower,2.6
#Allows you to create crystals and shoot them as projectiles at your target, the larger and faster the crystal the more energy you expend.
219.Crystal Spikes,2.2
#Allows you to create durable but brittle crystal spikes that pop out of the ground or any surface you are in contact with to impale your opponents or serve as physical barriers.
220.Diamond Skin,4.3
#One Piece - You can cover your body in a diamond-like texture, massively enhancing your durability and mass against all forms of damage. Even as a base human you can easily take high-calibre bullets and tank shells without feeling much, a car could hit you without knocking you off your feet, and you can walk through fire without feeling a thing. Even a missile cannot kill you even if it would hurt.
221.Crystal Creation,3.7
#Allows you to create crystals on your body or on surfaces you are touching, you can control the shape and size of the crystal while creating but after that, you cannot alter it any further.
222.Crystals,2.1
#Allows you to create and sprout crystals from your body, either making them erupt from your body like spikes, covering your skin with them as armour or just selling them for cash.
223.Gem Creation,3.8
#Allows you to create precious gems that can hold a lot of energy or mana, the larger and more valuable the gem, the more energy you need to consume to create them.
224.Pure Gem Creation,4.9
#Allows you to create pure precious gems that can hold immense energy and serve as vessels for various things. The purer and more potent the gem, the more energy you need to consume to create it.
225.Sand Veil,1.8
#Create a small localized sandstorm on your location that also makes your presence harder to detect inside of it while allowing you to see through it freely.
226.Fool Sand,4.9
#JoJo - Allows you to conjure autonomous sand that can shapeshift, attack and defend without your input to protect you, eliminate enemies or simply provide utility.
227.Desert Weaponry,3.5
#Allows you to create a variety of weapons and attacks made out of sand and wind to unleash as projectiles such as giant sand blades, spears and hammers.
228.Sandstorm Body,4.0
#Allows the user to turn their body into a living cloud of sand and reform at will, the damage inflicted on the sand reflects on the user.
229. Dig,2.8
#Allows you to dig and move incredibly fast through underground like a mole, you can also breathe underground too. You dig faster than you can sprint.
230.Dowsing,1.6
#Allows you to detect metals around you like a mental radar, the more valuable a metal is, the more distinct its presence in your radar.
231. View Earth,3.2
#Allows you to share your vision with the earth, feeling everything the earth feels and seeing all it can see, the default range is 5km which can be increased with training.
232.Wire,3.0
#Allows you to create and control metal wires, once a wire has separated from your body you no longer have control over it. You can also reinforce your wires with energy to make them more durable.
233.Pika,5.2
#One Piece - Allows you to fuse with the earth, allowing you complete control over the terrain, whether it be shaping, moving and reforming it or turning it into a giant golem around yourself.
234.Desert Logia,6.2
#One Piece. - Allows the user to create, control and turn into sand. In addition, they can also drain moisture from objects to dry them and turn stone into sand.
235.Blackout,2.4
#Allows you to banish all light from an area, making it nigh impossible to see through mundane means. The larger the area the more energy is needed.
236.Shadow Travel,3.4
#Allows you to sink into shadows and travel inside of them like Black Sabbath from JoJo, if you get hit by sunlight while inside of a shadow you take damage as if you were burnt.
237.Shadow Hands,3.2
#Allows you to manifest floating hands made out of shadows that you can control as your own, they can grip, crush, slash and combine to become large and more powerful.
238.Sethan,4.6
#Sethan from JoJo - Allows you to move your shadow like a living creature that can attack, whenever someone steps on your shadow they rapidly de-age, the de-ageing is dispelled when the user is unconscious or the ability is turned off. Stronger opponents de-age slower.
239.Shadow Puppeteer,3.7
#Naruto - Allows you to extend your shadow and when your shadow touches the target's shadow their movement mimics yours until the ability is dispelled.
240.Shadow Tag,3.0
#Allows you to interact with the shadow of people as tangible objects, you can step on or pin their shadow to prevent them from escaping or grab it and pull them toward you.
241.Shadow Dart,1.8
#Allows you to conjure and launch shadow darts made from energy that make no sound. 
242.Shadow Cloak,1.3
#Cloak yourself in shadows to make yourself harder to perceive and muffle the sounds you make to enhance your stealth capabilities.
243.Shadow Stalker,4.4
#Worm - Allows you and your equipment to enter a shadow state, allowing you to phase through solid matter. With training, you can also use phasing on equipment to ignore target durability by unphasing bolts inside of them. While in shadow form you are incredibly vulnerable to electricity and aerosols.
244.Shadow Ball,2.6
#Allows you to conjure and launch a fast-moving orb made of shadows that carries destructive power and deals additional damage to spirits.
245.Shadow Blade,2.8
#Allows you to conjure a blade of shadows that you can use as a weapon, you can adjust the size and shape of the weapon, despite being lightweight it is very sharp and can ignore around 10% of the target's durability, always dealing at least some damage.
246.Shadow Scythe,4.2
#Allows you to conjure a scythe made of shadows that you can alter the size and shape of, the scythe can select what it does and doesn't cut according to your will and it can also ignore a portion of the target durability.
247.Reaper's Scythe,5.0
#Allows you to conjure a scythe made of pure darkness that you can alter the size and shape of, the scythe completely ignores the durability of physical objects and barriers while also preventing regeneration and resurrection from the wounds it causes.
248.Death's Instrument,6.0
#Allows you to call forth death's instrument, a pitch-black scythe that completely ignores all durability, magical or physical. Wounds inflicted affect souls as well as bodies, making them impossible to heal by mundane means.
249.Bottomless Swamp,2.8
#Allows you to transform the ground around you into a bottomless swamp that traps any targets that step on it, making them sink further into the swamp, if they fully submerge they are fully incapacitated and enter a stasis-like state.,
250.Dark Lance,2.7
#Allows you to conjure and launch spears made of dark energy that deals additional damage to holy and divine beings.
251.Shadow Storage,4.2
#Your shadow can move and extend across 2d surfaces, allowing you to sink objects into it that are put into a stasis, does not have a weight limit and object inside can be ejected out at any time.
252.Shadow Claws,2.4
#Allows you to conjure sharp and lightweight Shadow Claws on top of your hands that can slash opponents. You can also extend their length and sharpness with training.
253.Shadow Chains,3.9
#Allows you to create and control chains of shadow weaved from your own, once they snare an enemy they quickly start exhausting their energy.
254.Blind,3.2
#Allows you to inflict a curse on your opponents, once applied it blocks off their sense of sight. You can place a curse on someone through touch or throwing a hex, a moderately fast projectile that looks like a rune, duration depends on the target's magic resistance and can be applied permanently on targets who cannot resist.
255.Grue,4.0
#Worm - Allows to create a cloud of darkness that blots out the sense of everyone inside, making it incredibly difficult to perceive anything while inside. The effects can be partially mitigated by strong targets.
256.Deafness,2.6
#Allows you to inflict a curse on your opponents, once applied it blocks off their sense of hearing. You can place a curse on someone through touch or throwing a hex, a moderately fast projectile that looks like a rune, duration depends on the target's magic resistance and can be applied permanently on targets who cannot resist.
257.Numbness,3.6
#Allows you to inflict a curse on your opponents, once applied it blocks off their sense of touch. You can place a curse on someone through touch or throwing a hex, a moderately fast projectile that looks like a rune, duration depends on the target's magic resistance and can be applied permanently on targets who cannot resist.
258.Mute,3.0
#Allows you to inflict a curse on your opponents, once applied it blocks off their ability to speak. You can place a curse on someone through touch or throwing a hex, a moderately fast projectile that looks like a rune, duration depends on the target's magic resistance and can be applied permanently on targets who cannot resist.
259.Conjure Shadowbeast,3.8
#Allows you to conjure a temporary familiar made of shadows that can act autonomously, the power of the familiar depends on the amount of energy used to create them.
260.Gate of Nightmares,5.7
#Allows you to unleash a horde of shadow beasts and darkness monsters under your control by summoning a gigantic 10-meter tall gate made of darkness. The more energy you give to the gate, the more beasts that will be unleashed.
261.Dark Lance,4.2
#Allows you to conjure and unleash lances made of dark energy which are exceptionally lethal against holy beings. In addition, wounds inflicted by dark lances are difficult to heal.
262.Abyss,6.0
#Reality Marbe - Allows you to pull your targets into the Abyss, inside the Abyss all energies and vitality start getting exhausted, rapidly draining your opponents of energy and life. Inside the Abyss, all dark abilities are boosted.
263.Void Tendril,3.4
#Allows you to conjure and control tendrils woven from void, these tendrils can grapple, crush, whip and pierce to your desires. You can also share sensations with the tentacles.
264.Shade Cloak,3.7
#Allows you to temporarily shift your body into a shadow state and phase through attacks and magic, does not have weaknesses other than light and holy magic but you can only turn into a shadow for 1 second at a time before a 3-second cooldown.
265.Cursecraft,4.8
#Allows you to create and apply curses depending on your abilities and abilities. E.g. Light ability becomes blinding, strength ability becomes weakness etc.
266.Darkness Devil,7.8
#Chainsaw Man - You are the fear of darkness incarnate, you have authority over all darkness and shadows, allowing you to control and manipulate them to your will.
267.Black Hole,5.0
#Allows you to conjure and control weaker small-scale virtual black holes. With training, you could even conjure real black holes and make it everyone else's problem.
268.Void Dragon's Breath,4.0
#Allows you to charge and unleash a breath attack of erosive and destructive void energy that exhausts the energy of whatever it touches. The longer you charge for and the more energy you use the stronger the breath is.
269.Shadow Mirror,2.0
#Legendary Mechanic - Conjures a shadow copy of you that can't interact with physical matter but can act as a distraction.
270.Void Travel,3.9
#Legendary Mechanic - Allows you to temporarily slip into the void dimension, while in the void dimension, you can freely traverse space but are unable to interact with the real world, time in the void dimension time is slower than normal. The distance you have covered in the void realm is equal to real life, allowing you to teleport short ranges with it, you can stay in the void dimension for 30 seconds but this can be increased with training. 5 Minute cooldown.
271.Chaos Entity Release,5.1
#Legendary Mechanic - Allows you to release your physical form to turn into a Void Observer, a sentient grey cloud of energy that can slip into the void dimension at will, rendering you completely intangible while still allowing you to observe the real world, staying in the void dimensions slightly drains your energy while inside. While in Chaos Observer form you are mostly immune to physical force. Any damage taken in Chaos Observer form is reflected in the real body.
272.Void Path,6.4
#Legendary Mechanic - Allows the user to directly open gates to the Void Dimension, allowing them to traverse the void, throw entities inside and even bring entities out of the void dimension, use with caution.
273.Void Distorter Form,5.9
#Legendary Mechanic - Transforms the user into a Void Distorter, a being native to the Void whose abilities allow it to distort and destroy the natural world by distorting and shaping the void to cause massive destruction like spatial distortions. Also has the ability to use Void Travel.
274.Abyssal Jail,5.2
#Allows the user to manifest Abyss into the natural world, allowing them to trap entities in a localized Abyss, isolating them from the world and exhausting them of their energy and vitality. Breaking out of the Abyss with raw force is possible but incredibly difficult to accomplish.
275.Abyss Skin,3.8
#Cover your skin in Abyss, while providing no offensive benefits it has potent defensive capability, dissipating energy it comes into contact with including kinetic and heat energy but vulnerable to sudden powerful attacks that can bypass its absorption. 
276.Yami,3.2
#Yugioh - When used, an ominous darkness with rouge clouds covers the surroundings, boosting the power of dark abilities and infernal beings while weakening all Holy beings and abilities.
277.Darkness Logia,7.0
#One Piece  - Allows the user to create control and turn into Darkness at will. Their darkness can absorb and store anything but also amplifies the user's sensation of pain.
278.Shadow Eyes,3.0
#Allows you to conjure small eye-shaped shadow familiars that can act autonomously and observe targets, they possess no combat ability but have potent hiding abilities. They can also relay the information they observe to their conjurer.
279.Shadow Beast Form,4.8
#Allows the user to turn into a giant amorphous shadow monster like Dark Shadow from MHA, but makes them incredibly vulnerable to holy and light-based effects.
280.Shadow Armor,4.2
#Allows you to create an armour of shadows around themselves that you can freely alter the shape of, the shadows are very durable and lightweight, while the armour is active your physical abilities are boosted and darkness abilities are more potent.  
281.Umbrakinesis,4.8
#Allows you to weave shadow and darkness into physical form and exert control over it, like chains made of shadows, spikes erupting from a target's shadow or lances of darkness.
282.Abyss Barrier,5.1
#Allows you to weave the Abyss into a physical barrier, the Abyssal barrier can absorb and dissipate energy, making it a great barrier against any non-holy attack as it is nigh impossible to break without overwhelming force.
283.Shadow Monarch,6.7
#Solo Leveling - Allows you to extract shadows from corpses to turn into minions under your command, the shadows are immortal as long as their bodies are restored by your mana, the level of shadows you can raise and the amount you can store on you at once is dependant on your energy levels.
284.Flashlight,0.4
#You can emit a beam of moderate-intensity light from your hands, a useful replacement for a flashlight but not useful for much else.
285.Flash,1.2
#You can emit a bright blinding light from your hands or use it with less intensity for utility, does not work well outside of close range.
286.Illumination,1.7
#Allows you to conjure bright points of light that you can telekinetically control, you can also consume more energy to make the lights semi-permanent.
287.Holy Light,2.3
#Allows you to conjure and emit holy light, while utterly useless against any normal beings it is incredibly useful against any dark or unholy beings.
288.Invisibility,2.5
#Allows the user to bend light around themself or other object they are touching to render them invisible.
289.Flash Grenade,2.4
#Allows you to conjure a ball of light that explodes into a blinding flash and noise, disorientating enemies and hurting dark enemies greatly.
290.Light of Glory,3.3
#The light of victory and glory shines down from the heavens and bolsters your allies. Bright light shines down from above, slightly increasing all physical stats,  increased mental resistance, vigor and courage to everyone touched by its rays.
291.Light Grenade,2.8
#DBZ - Allows you to conjure and launch a grenade of light energy that explodes, it is rather fast and powerful.
292.Beam,3.4
#You can shoot a beam of concentrated light and heat from your fingers that travels almost instantaneously.
293.Blessing,3.0
#Allows you to bless yourself with holy energy, bolstering all attributes for one hour. Also increases resistance to curses and all ailments when active.
294.Minor Blessing,2.6
#Allows you or a target to receive a minor blessing that augments a chosen physical attribute for one hour. The stronger you are the stronger your blessing.
295.Greater Blessing,4.4
#Allows you or a target to receive a greater blessing that augments any chosen physical attribute and minor regeneration and recovery factor for one hour. While greater blessing is active the target is immune to curses and negative status effects below elite rank.
296.Divine Blessing,5.7
#Allows you to bestow a variety of blessings once an hour, Blessing of Recovery gives a target Rare Rank Regeneration and cures all ailments they have that are not inborn, Blessing of Might increases all attributes, Blessing of Warding cleanses all curses and raises all resistances of a target, blessings can also be style after abilities. For example, using Divine Blessing with Ignite would give fire resistance and affinity. The duration of blessings is one hour.
297.Law of Regression,6.3
#Elden Ring - Allows the user to regress causality, turning something into its original form or what it's meant to be and dispelling all negative status effects and effects in the process. The more a target regresses, the more energy is expended.
298.Disc of Light,2.2
#Elden Ring - Allows the user to conjure and aunche a disc of sharp searing light that returns to its user in an arc.
299.Guidance of Grace,4.2
#Elden Ring - The light of grace guides you, creating a path of light toward your objective or something to help with your objective that only you can see
300. Barrier of Light,2.7
#Allows the user to create a barrier of light magic, while not as sturdy it is easy to deploy and is great for defending against curses, spirits and negative status effects.
301.Hardlight Weaponry,3.6
#Allows you to create weapons out of hard light, hard light weapons are very strong while also being lightweight for their user, they deal increased damage against dark-aligned opponents, but they are not very durable and fade away when damaged.
302.Sky Fracture,5.2
#Terraria - Allows you to rain down weapons made of holy light from the sky ranging from swords and glaives to skyscraper-sized lances depending on the amount of energy you expend.
303.Confessors Light,3.3
#Allows you to create a spotlight that shines down from the sky, anyone caught in the spotlight is compelled to say the truth to whatever questions they are asked, and the user is immune to this effect.
304.Purification,3.4
#Allows you to bathe a target in purifying light, cleansing them of negative effects or foreign substances, the potency of the purification scales with energy spent.
305.Greater Purification,4.1
#Allows you to bathe a target in powerful purifying light, cleansing them of negative effects or foreign substances, the potency of the purification scales with energy spent.
306.Holy Weapon,2.9
#Coats your armament in holy light, enhancing the power and quality of the weapon and making it deal extra damage to dark-aligned beings.
307.Blessing of Arms,3.6
#Bless an armament, the blessed armament will be upgraded by half a stage(+) and the wielder of the weapon will gain a bonus intermediate skill that corresponds to the weapon, Example: when used on an Uncommon sword, it becomes an Uncommon+ Sword and its user gains Intermediate Swordsmanship for as long as they hold the weapon. Only one of these blessings can be applied at a time.
308.Smite,3.1
#Your next attack is suffused with divine power, amplifying its power and dealing severe damage to unholy beings.
309.Golden Fist,2.8
#Allows you to cover your fists in a deadly golden light that amplifies the power of your punches and punishes evil, it also deals severe damage against the unholy and spirit beings.
310.Exorcism,2.8
#Allows you to bathe a target in golden light that exorcises negative effects, curses and possessions, when used on a spirit form or an unholy being it acts as if they have been doused in holy flame.
311.Blade of Light,3.9
#Infuse your blade with light that reinforces and mimics the properties of your armament, swords can send out slashes of light, hammers produce golden shockwaves etc.
312.Resuscitation,3.7
#Allows you to bring someone back from the dead if it has been less than 10 minutes since they have died or bring someone back to fighting condition by restoring their vitality, you can extend this timeframe by training.
313.Swords of Revealing Light,5.0
#Yugioh - Allows you to create and control swords of light that when impaling a target seals their energy. Stronger targets can resist this effect.
314.Minor Healing Light,2.3
#Allows you to bathe a target in healing light, restoring a portion of their health and vigour. Effect scales with your power level. Stronger targets need more energy to heal.
315.Healing Light,3.5
#Allows you to bathe a target in healing light, capable of healing even severe wounds. Effect scales with your power level. Stronger targets need more energy to heal.
316.Greater Healing Light,4.3
#Allows you to bathe a target in healing light, capable of healing even grievous wounds and lethal damage. Effect scales with your power level. Stronger targets need more energy to heal.
317.Divine Healing Light,5.5
#Allows you to bathe a target in healing light, restoring their bodies from even lethal damage, any wound short of death can be healed. Effect scales with your power level. Stronger targets need more energy to heal.
318.Pillar of Light,3.4
#Allows you to call down a pillar of searing light energy down from the skies to anywhere in your sensory range and deals additional damage against unholy beings.
319.Judgement Call,4.8
#EBF - Allows you to summon a fountain of pure, divine magical light that erupts on a target dealing massive damage like a pillar of destruction. Deals lethal damage against Unholy beings and purifies targets. When used, drains most of the user's energy, in terms of pure power it is stronger than even some Epic abilities but its energy cost and charge time hold it back.
320.Genesis,7.7
#EBF - "May there be mercy on man and machine for their sins." The ultimate light ability, calls forth a gigantic crucifix of absolute holy light that brings judgment down on the world, dealing colossal damage enough to wipe a country off the map, no Unholy being can survive against it, and any allies caught in Genesis are healed of all conditions. Spends all of the user's energy and has a 30-day cooldown
321.Light Trick,3.4
#Allows the user to bend light to their will, creating optical illusions that can deceive sight, the light can also be solidified for further disguise but touching it will quickly reveal the trickery.
322.Light Speed,4.7
#Allows the user to briefly turn themselves into a ray of light, allowing them to momentarily travel at the speed of light in a straight line before reforming.
323.Sanctuary,5.4
#Allows you to create a large beam of light that shines from above, all allies under the light get healing, regeneration and cleansing. Maintaining sanctuary requires energy.
324.Light Logia,8.0
#One Piece - Allows the user to create, manipulate and transform into light energy at will.
325.Claws,1.4
#Allows you to create durable and sharp claws on your fingertips.
326.Horns,1.1
#Allows you to grow sturdy and pointy horns on your head.
327.Tail,1.3
#Allows you to grow a strong tail on your body that you can manipulate with dexterity.
328.Jaw,1.0
#Allow you to turn your teeth into very sharp and durable fangs.
329.Natural Weapons,2.5
#Allows you to weaponise any part of your body, nails into claws, teeth into fangs etc. only works on biological parts attached to your body.
330.Razor Claws,2.0
#Allows you to turn your nails into razor-sharp claws that can tear through flesh and metal with ease, these claws do not dull.
331.Carapace,2.6
#Allows you to grow a tough carapace over your flesh like an armour to bolster your defences. It's toughness scales with your physical stats.
332.Exoskeleton,3.2
#Allows you to grow a very sturdy exoskeleton armour over your body to give you enhanced endurance and powerful protective armour. The power and durability of the Exoskeleton scales with your physical stats.
333.Scales,2.7
#Allows you to grow scales over your body that are very resistant to damage and can serve as flexible armour over your skin. It's toughness scales with your physical stats.
334.Dragon Scales,4.0
#Allows you to grow incredibly tough dragon scales over your body, due to the nature of dragon scales they also reduce any elemental damage you take while also being more durable than any human material. Its toughness scales with your physical stats.
335.Powerful Wings,2.7
#Allows you to grow a pair of powerful wings that can carry you into the sky regardless of your weight, these wings are more powerful than your basic physical attributes and can easily shatter bones when used as weapons.
336.Immunity System,3.9
#While Immutable is an active ability slot, you are immune to poisons, diseases and negative biological effects.
337.Monomolecular Claws,4.3
#Allows you to transform your nails into a pair of sleek, black claws with edges as thin as a single molecule yet does not suffer from decreased durability or fragility. You can adjust their length up to 1 meter in length.
338.Bone Manipulation,4.8
#Worm - Allows the user to freely manipulate their bones and any bones in their sensory range, when manipulating their own bones, they can alter the size, shape and properties of their bones. While this power is active they also regenerate bones quickly.
339.Organ Spikes,2.2
#Allows the user to sprout biological matter-based spikes from any part of their body, the spikes do not hurt the user when creating or using them.
340.Ukaku,3.3
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows you to manifest a wing-like biological appendage made of special RC Cells that allow it to freely go from fluid-like water to tough as steel. These wings can release a barrage of high-speed armour piercing feathers at will with good precision or sweep in slicing motions to attack like a steel whip.
341.Koukaku,3.8
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows you to manifest an arm-like biological appendage made of special RC Cells that act like a super tough and dense material even tougher than steel that is capable of freely morphing. This appendage forms out from the shoulder blade, you can shape into a spear, a claw, a shied etc.
342.Rinkaku,4.0
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows you to manifest a tentacle-like biological appendage made of special RC Cells that allows it to freely go from fluid-like water to tough as steel. The Rinkaku takes the form of multiple tentacles that emerge from your lower back, they are incredibly flexible and can be used to pierce, whip and even grab opponents or help the user manoeuvre around.
343.Bikaku,3.2
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows you to manifest a tail-like biological appendage made of special RC Cells that allows it to freely go from fluid-like water to tough as steel. The Bikaku forms the shape of a tail at the location of the tailbone and is capable of defending, whipping, and piercing as a giant super flesh tail would.
344.Kakuja,5.0
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows you to manifest an armour-like biological appendage made of special RC Cells that allows it to freely go from fluid-like water to tough as steel. The Kakuja forms an armour around the user that massively boosts their stats, the shape of the Kakuja and its abilities are dependant on the user, it can go from building-sized wings to 16 pillar-thick tentacles tougher than titanium and faster than bullets.
345.Ghoul Physiology,4.7
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows the user to transform themselves into a ghoul, a flesh-eating superhuman creature with a special limb made up of Special RC Cells. In general, Ghouls are mostly immune to conventional weapons below 9mm, as a ghoul you get a random Kagune out of the 4 types. But this form also comes with a ravenous hunger for human flesh and the inability to consume any other food. Even if you turn off the form, if you got hungry in the form you still have to consume human flesh even after turning it off. But consuming human flesh also makes you slightly stronger.
346.Hybrid Ghould Physiology,5.5
#Tokyo Ghoul - Allows the user to transform themselves into a hybrid ghoul, they are much stronger than the average ghoul with none of the weaknesses. As a hybrid ghoul, your physical attributes are massively amplified, including a very powerful regeneration factor alongside a random Kagune. You also do not need to consume human flesh to survive but get the benefits you would otherwise get for consuming it.
347.Dragon Kakuja,7.0
#Tokyo Ghoul - "Become a true biological terror." Allows the user to take on the shape of a Dragon Kakuja, an over 10km long centipede-like dragon that is made up of purely RC cells stronger than any man-made material, you passively emit high-density RC clouds that transform anything in the vicinity flesh flesh-eating superhuman monsters under your telepathic control, you can also morph your body to attack with tentacles or create superhuman flesh human monster out of your flesh.
348.Keratin Manipulation,3.9
#Allows the user to generate and control Keratin, the main component of body parts like horns and nails. Allowing you to generate keratin constructs like horns, armours and shields or shooting scales and needles of Keratin.
349.Fierce Wings,4.9
#MHA - Allows the user to grow wings that they can freely telekinetically control the feathers of that they can use projectiles, extra limbs or improve weapons. In addition, these feathers are incredibly powerful and scale with their physical stats.
350.Stim,2.6
#Flood your body with natural stem cells that will start rebuilding your body, warning, this consumes a lot of stamina and resources from your body. Doing it without any nutrients to rebuild your body won't work and will only harm you instead. You can also inject these cells into other people through the exchange of fluids.
351.Conditioning,3.5
#While this ability is in an active spot, your body continuously conditions itself, getting stronger as if working out and recovering at the same time. Allowing you to slowly reach the biological peak of your body over time. Also increases the efficiency of working out.
352. Bio Armor,4.6
#Prototype - Allows you to manifest and don a bio armour that can freely shapeshift and autonomously adapt to your body, creating blades, spikes, shields, etc.
353.Body Refinement,3.2
#Allows you to refine bodies, though not precise enough to alter genetics it can help someone build muscles, get rid of impurities, increase body size and alter their body into a more ideal state. Stronger targets consume more energy.
354.Absolute Control,4.4
#You have complete and utter control over aspects of your body and brain down to controlling your hormones and blood flow, this control is instinctual so you won't accidentally do damage to your body, working mostly on intent.
355. Shape Altering,3.1
#Allows you to alter your body to change its shape, but it cannot be used to create biological impossibilities on your body such as turning your head into tentacle whips. The larger the alteration the more energy it takes to do it.
356.Shapeshifting,4.7
#Allows you to freely morph and change your body without breaking the conservation of mass or altering genetics. You are immune to getting damaged by your own shapeshifting as the ability passively makes adjustments to make sure you survive your shapeshifting
357.Gene Refinement,5.5
#Allows you to alter and improve genetic structures, reinforcing, cutting and even overhauling them. And by proxy improving and altering the body and even the abilities of the target as long as it's based on their biology and genetics.
358.Minor Regeneration,2.7
#Gives you a minor healing factor, good enough to close lacerations and stabs during a fight but not enough to completely bounce back from injuries mid-fight. You can further speed up healing by expending energy.
359.Regeneration,3.6
#Gives you a healing factor, your wounds close at speeds visible to the naked eye, and some wounds you sustain mid-fight may even close by the time the fight ends. You most likely won't die from any non-lethal wounds as long as you have energy. You can further speed up healing by expending energy.
360.High Speed Regenaration,4.8
#Gives you a rapid healing factor, even bullet holes and stabs will close in a few seconds. You can further speed up healing by expending energy.
361.Super Regeneration,5.5
#Gives you an unimaginable Healing Factor on par with someone like the Wolverine minus the immortality. As long as it doesn't instantly kill you, chances are you will survive, as long as you have energy that is. You can further speed up healing by expending energy.
362.Regenerative Immortality,6.9
#Gives you regenerative immortality, you will not die from any mundane wound, even if you were to split in half vertically, you would regenerate from the largest living piece of you left. As long as you have a living tissue sample you can come back like nothing happened. Beware that you can still be incapacitated and running completely out of energy can lead to you dying for real.
363.Redundant Physiology,4.1
#Worm - You are like a cockroach, whenever you are wounded your body makes necessary adjustments to keep you alive so that you can survive even without blood, lungs, or even a heart by altering other parts of your body to serve as substitutes.
364.Biological Adaptation,5.7
#Worm - Your body constantly adapts to stimuli, rebuilding itself to counter them, if exposed to fire you will gain fire-resistant skin, if cut you will form plating, if you can't cut you will get sharper claws. the adaptations are strictly biological and will fade over time or you will be reverted to your original form once the ability is dispelled.
365.Vampire Physique,3.7
#You are a classic Vampire, with superhuman physical abilities, morphing into a bat, bloodsucking, etc. but you also have all of the weaknesses of a traditional vampire such as crucifixes, garlic, wooden stakes, sunlight and holy water.
366.Animorph,4.4
#Allows you to freely morph into any mundane animal you are aware of, you can still utilize all of your abilities as an animal but you inherit their physical abilities and characteristics.
367.Gills,1.0
#You have gills. You can breathe underwater but it's inconvenient.
368.Hormone Manipulation,4.0
#One Piece - Allows you to freely create and control your hormones, including designing custom ones. You can also inject hormones into others as long as you are exposed to their bloodstream or exchange fluids with them.
369.Tentacles,3.4
#Allows you to manifest biological tentacles on your body that you can control like extra limbs to smash, grab, whip, molest and operate with.
370.Four Arms,1.7
#Allows you to manifest another set of arms in addition to your current ones. The second set of arms is as easy to control as the first pair.
371.Venom,2.2
#Turns you venomous, you are able to inject your venom into your targets through bite or claws otherwise you can release it from your powers or spray it orally. The potency of the venom is dependent on your physical stats.
372.Poisonous,1.9
#You are poisonous, everything about you. Anything trying to digest anything from you is going to have a bad time. The potency of the poison is dependent on your physical stats.
373.Poison Factory,4.6
#Allows you to design, concoct and expel any poison from your body, also rendering you resistant to poison. You can also use this ability in conjunction with other abilities to make more esoteric poisons. Overuse of poison factory can cause nausea and sickness.
374.Poison Breah,2.5
#Allows you to breathe out a cloud of poisonous gas that also erodes physical matter
375.Doku,6.7
#One Piece - You are able to freely create and manipulate poisonous substances, the potency of the poison you create is dependent on the amount of energy you expend.
376.Paralysis,3.0
#You are able to create a paralytic agent inside of your body that you can expel through your pores or spray it as a gas via oral means.
377.Blood Manipulation,1.8
#Allows you to telekinetically control your own blood, but you can't generate more blood without regeneration so be wise about spending it.
378.Hemokinesis,3.8
#Allows you to telekinetically control your blood and any blood within your sensory range, you cannot manipulate it in quantities smaller than you can perceive and to control the blood inside of a person you must be stronger than them.
379.Greater Hemokinesis,5.2
#Allows you to exert power over blood, over your own or your enemy's. You can sense all blood within your sensory range and exert telekinetic control over it. To control blood inside of a target to any meaningful level you have to be stronger than them.
380.Teleportation,4.7
#Allows the user to teleport to any location they have been to or have seen with their own eyes. The longer the range the larger the energy consumption and cooldown.
381. Blink,3.4
#Allows the user to instantly teleport a short range in their line of sight that must be normally accessible to them(can't teleport through glass) the basic range is 10 meters but this can be improved with training. There is a slight cooldown between every blink and overuse causes intense vertigo.
382.Instant Transmission,5.0
#Allows the user to instantly teleport to any location they can sense or have been to and bring passengers along with them. Energy consumption scales slightly with the amount of passengers or the distance crossed. Mental focus is required to activate this ability.
383.Rewind,4.3
#Allows you to rewind time on an object, does not affect soul or mind so it cannot bring back the dead. The longer you try to rewind time on a target for, the more strain you feel and the more energy you expend.
384.Haste,4.1
#Allows you to speed up your time and the time of any object you are in contact with, the faster you make time flow, the more strain you feel and the more energy you expend.
385.Apport,3.1
#Allows you to swap the locations of two items that are approximately of equal worth with up to 10% variation in price, you must be touching at least one of the objects and both must be within your sensory range.
386.Swap,5.4
#Worm - Allows you to instantly swap the locations of any targets in your line of sight, swapping more powerful targets requires more energy and powerful enough targets can resist the ability.
387.Boogie Woogie,4.2
#Allows you to swap the location of two targets possessing energy by clapping your hands, both targets must be within your sensory range. Clapping is a necessary condition to activate your power.
388. Dismantle,3.7
#Allows you to send invisible slashes that you direct through hand motions. The more powerful a slash is the more energy you need to expend.
389.Cleave,4.2
#Allows you to cut any object you are touching instantly without any cues. The energy required to cut scales with the durability of the target. Targets with high enough magic resistance may be immune to this ability.
390.Reality Slash,5.7
#Allows you to create and launch a flying slash that severs spacetime, allowing it to ignore all conventional durability and barriers.
391.Dimensional Lock,3.9
#Allows you to dimensional lock an area, preventing the use of spacetime-based abilities like teleportation, portals or time travel inside of the zone you locked. The larger the area the higher the energy consumption. Powerful enough targets may be able to break the lock.
392.Stillness,6.8
#Re:Zero - Allows you to freeze an object's time, rendering them inviolable and forcing them to maintain their current speed and state no matter what. Even a pebble thrown with stillness is an unstoppable and immovable force. Can be used on yourself to render yourself invulnerable but places immense strain on your heart and can only be used for a few seconds at a time.
393.Infinity,5.0
#JJK - Allows you to infinitely divide the space between you and a target, resulting in you manifesting a mathematical impossibility that makes it impossible for them to fully reach you. Places immense strain on the brain and needs manual mental calculation to operate, can liquify your brain with overuse.
394.Limitlessness,6.0
#JuJutsu Kaisen - Allows the user to manipulate distortions in three different applications. First, the neutral form of this ability forms a barrier that infinitely divides space between the opponent and a target, making them unable to reach the user due to mathematical impossibility. Blue allows the user to create distortions in space that pull objects in while Red allows the user to create distortions that repel objects. 
395.Distortion,4.9
#Allows you to distort and warp space to deal massive damage.
396.Clockblocker,5.2
#Worm - Allows you to freeze an object in spacetime, while frozen the object is completely inviolable and invulnerable. Duration depends on energy spent and freezing a stronger target requires more energy. Strong enough targets are immune to this effect.
397.The Hand,5.7
#JoJo - Allows you to scrape away space with either of your hands, space scraped away is pulled together and filled in. Although it ignores conventional durability the range is quite short and the energy consumption is rather high.
398.Time Manipulation,6.9
#Unordinary - Allows you to manipulate time in a select area or a target, such as speeding up, slowing down, stopping and reversing time. But those who are sufficiently strong can resist the effects.
399. Slow Down,5.2
#Allows you to slow down time with the exception of yourself, the more energy you expend, the slower you can make time go.
400. Superhot,6.2
#SUPER HOT - Time moves relative to you, the slower you go the slower time moves and the faster you go, the faster time moves, if you stand still, so will the world. Strong enough targets may be able to resist or ignore the effect.
401.Doppelganger,3.7
#Allows you to produce a seamless doppelganger of yourself that you can control with your thoughts but does not possess any of your abilities, the amount of Doppelgangers you can have is equal to your ability slot count.
402.Clone,4.4
#Allows you to clone yourself into several bodies, the clones cannot use your abilities but they share physical stats and can act autonomously even though they share a mind with you.
403.Divergent Avatars,5.2
#Allows you to split yourself into multiple bodies under your direct control, all of your bodies are your real body and you can freely distribute your ability slots and energy between bodies.
404.King Crimson,6.6
#JoJo - Allows you to skip time, during skipped time you are absolutely intangible as you are separated from causality, any actions that would have happened to you during that timeframe are nil but your actions aren't for example, if during the 10-second time skip you were to trade blows with an opponent and you both get injured, at the end of the time skip, you will end up back in real-time with no consequence of anything that has happened to you during those 10 seconds but your opponent will still suffer from their wounds, you can also use time skip to phase through objects and reposition yourself.
405.Gold Experience,5.7
#JoJo - Allows you to imbue objects with life energy, turning them into autonomous living beings or constructs of your choosing, the created being must be of roughly similar mass. 
406.Anti Gravity,4.3
#Allows you to remove the influence of gravity on a target or an area in your field of vision, making them act as if they were placed in a zero-gravity environment.
407.Zero Gravity,2.2
#Your body moves as if it is in a zero-gravity environment, allowing you to freely float, although without much control.
408.Low Gravity,2.1
#Allows you to create zones of low gravity in your line of sight, reducing the weight and falling speed of the objects in the area.
409.Burden Breaker,5.3
#Calamity Mod - "More speed" When Burden Breaker is active, your speed is completely unbound by such frivolous things as physics, you ignore air resistance, gravity and friction. In addition, you will continue gaining momentum until Burden Breaker is deactivated, making you gain speed indefinitely, warning, incredibly uncontrollable and may cause you to end up at the edge of the universe with misuse.
410.Nuclear,6.7
#You are able to create localized nuclear reactions using your energy and control their output, allowing you to become a living nuclear weapon platform of sorts. But the more you use the ability the more you suffer from radiation poisoning that fades over time.
411.Radiation Absorption,4.0
#Allows you to absorb radiation and convert it into energy, and also permanently increase your energy reserves by absorbing large amounts of radiation over time.
412. Shrug It Off,3.2
#Allows you to shrug off your ailments and negative status effects. Blinded? Just shrug it off. Bleeding? Just shrug it off. Cursed? Just shrug it off. Allows you to cure your ailments like a cure spell that scales with your physical stats.
413.Vermin Lord,3.5
#Allows you to sense and telepathically command vermin such as insects and mice in your sensory range. 
414.Mandom,5.7
#JoJo - Allows you to rewind time by 6 seconds in a localized 50-meter area, those who are in the range of Mandom will still be aware of the 6 seconds that had occurred during the time.
415.Ressurection,5.8
#DnD - Allows you to revive an entity that hasn't been dead for longer than you have been alive for. To revive a target you have to make appropriate sacrifices like money, valuables or artefacts. The stronger the target the more sacrifices need to be made, an unwilling target needs to double the sacrifice
416.Detonation,4.8
#Allows you to charge an object with explosive energy that you can use to detonate it at any time. Living beings can resist this effect and the charge fades over time.
417.Carbon Manipulation,6.8
#Legendary Mechanic - Allows you to telekinetically sense and control the carbon element down to a molecular level, controlling the carbon inside other living creatures is harder relative to their power level compared to yours.
418. Soul Read,2.9
#JoJo - Allows you to ask the soul questions that it will answer with yes or no, cannot be used on targets stronger than you. Souls can only answer yes or no questions and cannot lie to you.
419.Emergency Exit,2.5
#Passive, when you are lethally injured you are automatically teleported to the safest area within a 1000-meter radius with a 30 minute cooldown.
420.Protean,4.2
#Your body adapts to your abilities to make them more efficient and stronger, adaptation fades after Protean is disabled, an ability like claws would increase the strength throughout the body, an ability like fire manipulation would give higher heat tolerance etc.
421.Sunshine,7.2
#Nanatsu No Taizai - You are the one blessed by the sun, under sunlight your stats and energy are massively increased and you can create and control intense flames, during noon for one minute you can enter a mode called "The One" massively boosting your stats and flame even further and making you borderline invulnerable.
422.Draconic Escalation,4.0
#Worm - When under danger or in a fight you start taking on a draconic form that gets stronger over time or the more danger you are exposed to, and slower the less danger or conflict you are in. As escalation increases you gain basic pyrokinesis and regeneration alongside enhanced physical stats
423.Revengence,3.5
#You keep building up energy the more you are hurt, at any time you can charge any ability or spell with that energy to unleash a devastating effect. Every 10% of health lost translates to a 2x increase in power, this additive and at 10% health left, revenge will amplify the next effect by 10x. 8-hour cooldown
424.Metallica,4.8
#Allows you to precisely manipulate iron in a 10-meter radius around you, you can form iron into elaborate constructs, control it telekinetically or use it to form blades using a target's blood. You can even control the blood inside living beings and can sense all iron in a 10-meter radius
425. Glass Manipulation,3.1
#Allows you to telekinetically control glass and glass-based objects inside of your sensory range, 
426.Oil Manipulation,4.8
#Allows you to exert telekinetic control over oil and oil-based substances. Such as petrol, fuel, asphalt, crude oil and plastic inside your sensory range.
427.Silicon Manipulation,5.7
#Allows you to telekinetically shape and control the element Silicon down to an atomic level, granting you control over objects like glass, sand, quartz, silicone and most electronics inside your sensory range.
428.Plastic Manipulation,3.8
#Allows you to exert telekinetic control over plastic and plastic-based substances and objects inside your sensory range.
429.Fabric Manipulation,4.2
#MHA - Allows you to exert telekinetic control over fabric inside your sensory range and its various forms such as cotton, silk, wool, kevlar. You can even use it to create your own clothes or turn the clothes of enemies against them.
430.String Manipulation,5.6
#Allows you to generate and manipulate supernaturally durable strings with supernatural precision. You lose control over the strings if they lose contact with your body.
431.Copper Manipulation,3.7
#Allows you to telekinetically control copper and copper-based constructs inside your sensory range.
432.Rust Inducement,1.4
#Allows you to induce rust in metals through physical contact.
433.Gold Manipulation,3.2
#Allows you to telekinetically control gold and gold-based constructs inside your sensory range.
434. Usurper,7.5
#When you have defeated an opponent, instead of getting a ticket you can choose to take one of their abilities. Only works once per target. 
435.Mystic Eyes of Enchantment,4.2
Allows you to hypnotise and mind-control those who make eye contact with you. This can be broken out by high willpower targets or targets stronger than the user.
436.Conjure Vines,3.6
#Allows you to conjure energy constructs in the shape of vines that you control, once the vines leave your body you lose control over them and they will start fading over time.
437.Hookwolf,4.9
#Worm - Allows you to assume the form of a large shifting mass of metal needles, hooks and blades that you can alter the shape and size of at the cost of energy. You won't take damage from the metal parts getting damaged but your body is still inside the mass and vulnerable.
438.Mystic Eyes of Death Perception,7.8
#Fate - Allows you to view lines of death as small cracks and lines along objects or people, if you destroy any line along a target, the target instantly and absolutely dies or gets destroyed. Can only be used on targets the concept of death can be applied to. Overuse of this ability can lead to severe brain damage.
439.Superpower,5.5
#You are superpowered, even as a regular human you run faster than a train, punch harder than a missile, and don't flinch from tank shells or missiles, this all scales with your physical stats. and the results you get from training are considerably enhanced.
440.Haki,6.3
#One Piece - Allows you to harness your willpower in physical form such as reinforcing things, giving you extrasensory perception, applying spiritual pressure on people etc. You can also train in all types of Haki.
441.Conquerers Haki,4.8
#One Piece - Allows you to exert your willpower on the physical world as a wave of power that renders those with weaker willpower unconscious.
442.Armament Haki,4.5
#One Piece - Allows you to reinforce your body or an object you are holding with an invisible forcefield that hardens them and allows them to interact with intangibility, and at higher levels can even be projected.
443.Observation Haki,5.6
#One Piece - Allows you to expand an imaginary sensory field that allows you to sense movements and objects inside. At higher levels of mastery, you can accurately distinguish between targets, energy and even emotions.
444.Elemental Lungs, 4.4
#Allows the user to charge their lungs with any elemental energy and unleash a variety of elemental breath attacks with it such as acid, darkness, fire, ice, light, etc.
445.Vitality Drain,4.8
#You are able to drain the vitality of targets on touch and use it to heal yourself, the stronger the target is compared to you, the lesser the drain.
446.Blood Tax,3.8
#Whenever someone injures you, they lose a portion of their energy or stamina to you, allowing you to recover your energy and stamina even as you are getting damaged.
447.Hook & Line,3.4
#Allows you to conjure a hook attached to a line out of energy, the hoot can be used as a weapon, when you hurt someone with the hook you can instantly teleport them to you with the reel, which can only be used one target at a time.
448.Minefield,4.1
#Unordinary - Allows you to conjure a grid pattern along the terrain and detonate parts of the terrain with the grid as an intermediary.
449.Density Manipulation,4.8
#Allows you to increase and decrease your own density or the density of objects you are wielding, the more you decrease or increase a target's density the more energy you need to expend to keep it that way.
450.Star Rage,6.6
#JJK - Allows the user to increase their mass without incurring any penalties such as lowered speed or change in stature, allowing them to make their physical attacks unimaginably stronger, if the user continues to increase their own mass they can collapse into a black hole. Higher the mass the more energy is required to maintain the state.
451. Lock On,4.2
#Allows you to lock onto targets, when throwing projectiles toward the locked-on target, they start homing in on the target and become nigh impossible to dodge unless you get out of range.
452.Absolute Accuracy,5.2
#Whatever projectile you throw WILL hit the target as long as it is physically possible to hit the target, you could throw a human hair through a 1mm hole 10 kilometres away without difficulty.
453.Energy Emission,4.7
#Unordinary - Allows you to emit energy as beams or as an energy pulse by expending your own energy, the more energy you expend and the longer you charge for, the stronger the emission.
454.Kinetic Energy Absorption,5.4
#Allows you to absorb and store kinetic energy inside of your body that you can release at any time to enhance the power of your blows. If you do not use the kinetic energy for a while it will start fading away.
455.Kinetic Energy Manipulation,7.5
#Allows you to manipulate Kinetic Energy in your sensory range, negating it, applying it, changing it and redirecting it. But you cannot control more kinetic energy than you can exert with your own body.
456.Vector Manipulation,8.8
#Toaru - Allows you to create and control vectors at the level of a level 5 esper, allowing you to control the movements of basically anything, teleporting, stopping, accelerating, moving, anything related to the movement of things you can perform.
457.Halt,4.3
#Allows you to stop all the kinetic energy a target, even a meteor can be brought to a standstill. The larger the amount of force you are stopping, the more energy you expend. It has a 1-second cooldown.
458.Lockdown,6.0
#Allows you to Lockdown an area, during a lockdown nobody can leave or enter and spacetime abilities are disabled, this power is absolute, even a god wouldn't be able to breach lockdown. The lockdown area is centred around the user and needs energy to be maintained, not too much energy but it cannot be maintained indefinitely
459.Stick,1.2
#Allows you to stick to objects like super glue.
460.Fear Gaze,3.6
#You are able to gaze into people's eyes and make them recall their greatest fear. The stronger a target is, the more energy you have to expend to apply the ability and strong-willed targets may not be affected as much.
461.Glide,1.4
#Allows you to glide 1cm above the ground and move like you are not affected by friction, allowing you to move around as if you are skating.
462.Absolute Gateway,6.0
#Allows you to create a door that can breach any barrier or defence, the door does not teleport the user but allows them to bypass any barrier or limitation it is placed on.
463.Pacifists Domain,5.7
#Allows you to erect a domain with yourself in the middle, inside the domain no one can perform any acts of violence, not even the user
464.Quake,6.9
#One Piece - Allows the user to conjure massive vibrations, tremors and quakes that can travel through any medium like air, water or ground. Powerful enough to massive quakes that can devastate entire landmasses. Quake can also be used to shatter objects like glass and bypass durability to an extent
465.Adamantine Skin,6.8
#Your skin is nigh-invulnerable to all forms of harm, without some form of durability negation it's almost impossible to harm you at a similar level of power. You are also resistant to durability negation, decreasing its efficiency on you, and making it unable to pierce your defences completely.
466.Pheonix Zoan,7.3
#Allows the user to transform into a Blue Phoenix or a hybrid at will. As a Phoenix, they gain increased physical abilities and flight alongside extreme regenerative abilities. They can also emit powerful flames that can heal people.
467.Hydra Form,6.1
#Allows the user to transform into a Hydra or a hybrid at will. As a hydra, they gain massively increased physical abilities, high-tier poison immunity, poison breath and extreme regeneration that can recover even limbs. They can also survive being beheaded up to 9 times.
468.Thunderbird Form,5.7
#Allows the user to transform into a thunderbird or a hybrid at will. As a thunderbird, they gain increased physical abilities, flight and the ability to emit lightning from their body alongside weather manipulation.
469.Portal Creation,5.5
#Allows you to create portals to anywhere in your sensory range or anywhere you have stepped foot into, the size of the portal can be altered, the portal cannot be closed while something is inside of it.
470.Doormaker,7.6
#Allows you to create portals that can cross even dimensions that you can place anywhere you can perceive or have been to.
471.Clairvoyance,4.4
#Allows you to extend your sight beyond your eyes, allowing you to control it as if it were some free cam or a spectator mode.
472.Super Jump,1.8
#Allows you to jump great distances you would otherwise be unable to. Even a regular person would be able to leap over a building with this. And you are also immune to falling damage as a bonus.
473.Shaper,6.9
#Worm Panacea - Allows you to freely manipulate flesh and biomaterials with perfect precision down to a cellular level though contact. The larger the power level difference between you and the target, the more they can resist your changes.
474.Tool Manipulation,3.5
#Allows you to assign an object weighing less than your lifting strength as a target, you can telekinetically control the target with extreme precision as if it were a limb.
475.Energy Drain,4.5
#Allows you to drain energy from living targets via contact. The larger the power level difference between you and the target, the less energy you can drain from at a time.
476.Double Jump,1.5
#You are able to jump off of thin air for once as if it were a physical surface.
477.Sky Jumper,2.7
#You are able to treat air as a tangible platform to jump off of any time but you can't stand on it for more than a second without falling.
478.Clothes Beam,2.6
#Dragon Ball - You are able to fire off a laser beam that can dress anyone in any mundane clothing of your choice.
479.Spirit Gathering,7.2
#You are able to channel the energy of anyone willing to share their energy with you regardless of distance and use it as your own.
480.Power of Destruction,6.8
#DxD - You are able to conjure and control pure destructive energy that can annihilate anything as long as you have enough magical power.
481.Full Counter,7.1
#Nanatsu no Taizai - If used with precise timing the user can counter any attack thrown at them and throw it back with double the power.
482.Destruction Incarnate,8.1
#You are destruction Incarnate, you can turn your body into a vessel for nigh endless destructive energy that can wipe almost anything out of existence.
483.Ice Man,9.2
#Marvel - Ice, you are everything ice, you can plunge worlds into an ice age, reconstruct your body out of ice, or unleash absolute zero temperatures at will.
484.Pheonix Force,8.5
#Marvel - You are a host of the Phoenix Force, the source of all life and fire in the universe, but the Phoenix cannot exert any control or influence over you, the ability just acts like you are hosting it to channel its abilities.
485.Stinger,8.2
#Imbue any attack with absolute inviolability, no matter what, this projectile cannot be stopped even by dimensional boundaries or reality-warping.
486.Rally,3.3
#Allows you to give a rousing cry that bolsters your allies, giving them the courage of a lion and endless motivation that would turn even a chef into a fearless warrior who can take down a soldier.
487.Cybele,5.4
#Fate Medusa - You possess unimaginably beautiful eyes that can turn anything in your gaze or anything that lays their eyes on you to stone. The larger the power level difference between you and a target, the slower they turn into stone.
488.Third Person,2.5
#You can turn your perspective from seeing through your eyes to viewing the world as if you are operating a camera in an axis around you as if you were in Dark Souls.
489. Seek Guidance,4.3
#When this ability is active, you are able to view commentary of those who were, could have been or would have been. The commentary can be helpful or even deceitful. You might find text written on the ground in front of a treasure informing you it's trapped, or text showing you the location of a hidden wall, or a text telling you to stand in front of a trap. Basically the messages from Eldensoulsborne Games.
490.Immune,5.5
#You are immune, simple as, while Immune is in an active slot you cannot be poisoned, become ill, get cursed, or receive debuffs. You are immune to all negative status effects.
491.Animate Undead,4.3
#You are able to animate corpses into a variety of undead such as skeletons, zombies, ghouls etc. but you cannot transform them into higher forms of undead such as vampires, dullahans, ghosts etc. Undead possess basic intelligence below human level but can understand orders. You can control up to 100 undead at once, this can be increased through training.
492.Necromancy,5.5
#You are able to animate corpses into a variety of undead such as skeletons, zombies, ghouls and even higher forms of undead depending on the quality of the corpses. The higher the quality of the corpse, the higher the intelligence the undead will possess, all undead under your command are naturally loyal and obedient and you can dominate natural undead weaker than you. You can control up to 1000 undead at once, this can be increased through training.
493.Authority of Lust,6.6
#When activated, everyone capable of seeing you treats you as an object of affection, whether that be platonic or romantic, the larger the power difference between you and the target the stronger the effect. You can ask a mundane for their life savings or wife and they will happily give it over to you, but for someone of equal level, they might just treat you like an ordinary friend.
494. Steal,3.3
#Allows you to remotely steal a possession of a target without them noticing, the target must be an object that is not physically or magically bound to them and they must be within 10 meters of you, the more valuable an object the more energy is required.
495.Grand Theft,5.3
#Allows you to steal ALL possessions of a target within a 5-meter range, everything on their body that is not magically or physically bound enters a subspace inventory you have. You can narrow the range of the ability to steal specific targets more easily.
496.Record,2.7
#Trash Count - Allows you to record your sight into your mind, recorded information is engraved in memory even better than photographic memory as you can recall it in absolutely perfect detail at any time as if yo are actively thinking about it all the time.
497.Arousal,3.6
#(Nsfw)Allows you to make targets in your vision aroused or make them climax with enough arousal. The stronger the target the more energy has to be spent and if they are significantly stronger than you they will be able to notice your attempts.
498.Audacity,4.6
#Allows you to go unnoticed by people, they try to ignore you to the best of their ability, you can pick the lock to someone's house, grab their wallet while they are having dinner, kill their wife and leave without them even commenting on it. Stronger targets are less affected by this and will notice actions that are drastic, this ability consumes energy and stamina to keep active.
499.Mind Reading,4.5
#Allows you to read the mind of a target you are focused on, allowing you to read their surface thoughts, emotions or even deeper thoughts and opinions. The stronger the target, the higher the energy drain.
500. Telepathy,4.9
#Allows you to exchange thoughts with people, the range is dependent on your energy levels. You can either read people's surface thoughts or communicate with them telepathically either both ways or one way. This can be done with multiple people but will strain your mind heavily.
501.Crimson Fucker,6.8
#Hellsing - You are a descendant of Alucard, the Crimson Fucker himself, sharing all of his natural abilities.
502.Basilisk Form,4.1
#You are able to transform into a basilisk at will, partially or fully. Your gaze can petrify and paralyze enemies and your scales grant you natural armor, you are also very resistant to curses.
503.Wendigo,4.2
#Allows you to transform into a Wendigo, either partially or fully. As a Wendigo you have increased ice affinity and enhanced physical stats, you can also summon blizzards at will and possess supernatural tracking skills. Beware that you may also develop an appetite for human flesh.
504.Oni,3.4
#Allows you to transform into an Oni, either partially or fully. As an Oni, you possess enhanced physical stats and a minor healing factor but are vulnerable to holy.
505.Pheonix Form,6.7
#Allows you to transform into a Phoenix, either partially or fully. As a divine bird of flame, you can gain enhanced physical stats, a major boost to fire affinity, and incredible regeneration as well as being able to return from the dead once every 30 days.
506.Mirror World,5.7
#Allows you to appear in a mirrored version of the world with no living beings inside, you can also pull other living creatures into the mirror world.
507.Mirror Force,5.0
#Yugioh - Allows you to reflect magical attacks back with a large forcefield.
508.Disguise,3.1
#Allows you to alter the color and texture of any object by touching them, disguise lasts until the structural integrity of the subject is compromised.
509.Fishman,3.8
#One Piece - Allows you to transform into a fishman, as a fishman you have enhanced strength and water affinity as well as water-breathing.
510.Lock,4.2
#Allows you to place "locks" onto entities, locked entities cannot be interacted with without being unlocked by either fulfilling a certain condition or opening it with a key. Brute forcing is also an option. You cannot lock living beings that are resisting.
511.Unlock,6.0
#Allows you to unlock entities, this ability is conceptual in nature. The things you can unlock range from locks to someone's inner potential. Imagination and energy costs are your limit, the more abstract and harder the target is to unlock, the more energy is spent
512.Dragon,5.3
#Allows you to transform into a western dragon either partially or fully, granting you enhanced stats and energy as well as the ability to use your other abilities as breath attacks.
513.Energization,5.5
#Allows you to convert your flesh into mana or energy to become an energy being. The more flesh you convert the more energy you have, but you will be more vulnerable to energy-based attacks
514.Everlasting Dragon Form,6.5
#Darksouls - Allows you to transform into a giant everlasting dragon either partially or fully. As an Everlasting Dragon with the stone scales of immortality, you have no need for any kind of sustenance and possess regeneration and a powerful breath attack. As long as your scales are intact you are incredibly resistant to all damage but your immortality fades if your scales are destroyed, you are also vulnerable to lightning.
515.Lunarian,5.7
#One Piece - "No, it doesn't give you the pass" Allows you to transform into a Lunarian from One Piece, as a Lunarian you can freely fly with your wings and manipulate the fire generated in your body in the form of attacks and otherwise. As long as your flame is intact you gain an extreme durability boost, but if you lose it you lose your extra durability but gain a slight speed increase in exchange.
516.Six Eyes,5.6
#JJK - Grants exceptional visual prowess that can even penetrate through solid matter, incredible calculation ability, and energy efficiency, but overuse will strain your eyes heavily.
517.Sharingan,4.0
#Naruto - Grants you exceptional visual prowess and allows you to copy and imitate moves and skills you see. With training, you can reach other levels of the sharingan.
518.Byakugan,4.4
#Naruto - Grants you exceptional visual prowess that can even penetrate through solid matter and allow you to read energy signatures.
519.Nine Eyes,7.1
#Second Coming of Gluttony, When activated, Nine Eyes differentiates objectsinto nine titular colorseach categorized with their own representational meaning, such as various levels of threat evaluation and modest understandings of fate and destiny. If an object is displayed in or changed to a color yet to be unlocked, it is displayed as colorless. Objects or people bestowed with divine power also cannot be perceived with the Nine Eyes. For more info: https://the-second-coming-of-gluttony.fandom.com/wiki/Nine_Eyes
520.Strength,3.2
#Grants you super strength, you can lift cars overhead, punch through reinforced concrete walls, and bend metal like rubber. Scales with base strength consume energy to remain active, you can further augment your strength with more energy.
521.Speed,3.8
#Grants you supernatural speed, you can run faster than a car and swifter than a dragonfly. Scales with base speed and consumes energy to remain active, you can further augment your speed with more energy.
522.Resistant,3.6
#Grants you supernatural durability, you are immune to low-caliber bullets and cars will be the ones that take damage when they hit you. Scales with base durability and consumes energy to remain active, you can further augment your durability with more energy.
523.Master of Arms,3.6
#Whatever weapon you are holding, you get a temporary intermediate mastery for it for as long as you hold onto it.
524.Atlas,5.9
#"The Giant held up the very skies" grants you immense super strength, strong enough to carve mountains and move cities with your bare hands as long you expend enough energy. You can also release shockwaves with your power. Consumes energy when active.
525.Star Toss,8.0
#The ultimate strength, you can pluck the stars from the sky and shatter planets. Your strength is immeasurable, you can augment strength without limits.
526.Extreme Speed,6.0
#Allows you to move at extreme speeds, but such speed may be hard to control. You can augment your speed to extreme degrees but the faster you go the more energy you burn.
527.Godlike Speed,8.3
#The ultimate speed. Sound is a statue and light is a turtle. Allows you to augment your speed without limits provided you have the energy.
528.Invincible,5.7
#You are "Title Card". You are extremely durable, even nuclear weapons would find it hard to give you a first-degree burn. You can augment your durability to extreme levels.
529.No Friction,2.6
#Allows you to eliminate the friction of the target you are touching.
530.Phase Shift,4.7
#Unordinary - Allows you to switch between defensive and offensive forms, in offensive form you gain enhanced speed and strength while in defensive form you gain enhanced durability and resistance.
531.Hunter,4.9
#Unordinary - Greatly augments your physical stats but more importantly your sensory abilities, your hearing and focus get heightened to a level where you can hear and lock onto a specific heartbeats a street away. Scales with basic stats.
532.Mute,3.8
#Allows you to remove the sound of a target or one of your abilities, making them silent. Abilities that are muted cost double the energy.
533.Widen,3.9
#Allows you to extend the area of effect of an ability without decreasing its power, like doubling or tripling the area of effect but making the ability consume more energy.
534.Penetrate,4.6
#Allows you to augment your abilities with penetration, allowing them to better ignore resistances and bypass immunities. The main use is to bypass immunities. With Penetrate even a lich can be cursed and a fire dragon burnt.
535.Boost,4.9
#Allows you to increase the rating of a targeted ability by a full stage as long as they are below Legendary in rating.
536.Delay,3.8
#Allows you to cast an ability but delay its effect, for example, you can launch a fireball and then delay it so that it shoots out 1 minute after in that same location or cast healing on yourself and delay it and undelay it when you need it.
537.Permeation,4.6
#MHA - Allows you to phase through objects and attacks but since it is not selective phasing you can fall through the ground and phasing your head makes you blind. If you disable phasing while in a solid object, you will be forced out at high speeds head first.
538.Dress Break,3.4
#DxD - By touching a target you can destroy their clothing or armor, you can also delay this effect for up to an hour.
539.Multiplicity,4.7
#Allows you to use multiple instances of an ability at once, like triplet fireball that shoots three fireballs or tenfold lightning strike that strikes a location with 10 lightning strikes, every instance of multiplicity consumes appropriate amounts of energy.
540.Deduction,4.2
#Worm Tattletale - Allows you to deduct information from a target through enhanced observations, the information you get from this ability is similar to what a genius detective like Sherlock Holmes would be able to infer from a detailed observation of the target.
541.Condemnation,7.1
#"Let there be judgment" Allows you to cast judgment on a target, depending on their karma level they will receive a sentence when used against irredeemable evil by a user with positive karma the victim's power will be reduced by 10x and the users' power will be increased 10x against the target. 8-hour cooldown.
542.Salt King,6.7
#Turns you into the Salt King, while in this form you are able to create, control, and transform targets into salt, the salt under your control is supernaturally powerful and a target needs to be at least on par with you to be able to resist transmutation into salt, your range is as far as your eyes can see.
543.Gravity,5.5
#Allows you to create and control gravitational fields
544.Gravity Manipulation,7.7
#Allows you to accurately control gravity on a massive scale. You can invert gravity to throw islands into the sky, create imitation black holes, crush objects with extreme gravity, etc. Imagination and the power of gravity are your limits, with enough training you could remove gravity from a planet.
545.Optimization,5.2
#Allows you to optimize targets, reducing the energy consumption of electronics or making your spells and abilities as efficient as they can be.
546.Perfect Unknowable,6.8
#Overlord - You can temporarily erase all evidence of your existence, you won't show energy signatures, and you can't be smelled, seen, heard, or perceived by anything in any shape or form until you attack something.
547.Life Share,3.7
#You can share your own life force to heal others, this is initiated through touch but further mastery can allow this to be done remotely.
548.Wheel of Mahoraga,8.2
#JJK - Manifests a wheel behind, whenever you encounter any phenomenon that you can't overcome the wheel will spin and adapt you and your abilities to make you either resistant against what damaged you or give you the ability to hurt what you previously couldn't, adaptation fades after the ability is canceled but the knowledge and expertise gained such as new ways to utilize your ability stay.
549.Decay,5.3
#MHA - Allows you to destroy any object you touch by spreading decay to it, breaking down its structure until its dust, you can spread decay further from the initial area more and more with training. Strong targets can resist decay to an extent.
550.Wither,5.4
#Allows you to emit and spread an aura that withers living beings, making them lose vitality and start breaking down from the inside. This also disables regeneration and persists for some time after being exposed to it like poison. With training, you can make this even more potent and harness it as an actual tangible attack with power behind it.
551.Overgrowth,5.8
#Allows you to supercharge any plantlife you touch, making them grow incredibly under your control, as long as you control them the plants are reinforced with your energy and you can shape the plants to attack or form constructs, once you stop touching the plants they will revert to their previous form but with training, you can make the effect permanent.
552.Mark,2.7
#Allows you to mark targets by touching them, as long as the mark is active you are perfectly aware of how far and where a placed mark is.
553.Future Sight,5.9
#One Piece - Allows you to look several seconds into the future that would have occurred had you not used future sight. With training, you can further extend the range of future sight.
554.Precognition,4.3
#Allows you to receive precognitive visions of impending danger by focusing you can also actively look a few moments into the future.
555.Diagnosis,1.7
#You can touch a target and receive a detailed diagnosis of their health condition
556.Date Scouter,2.8
#Allows you to bring up a status page of a target that shows their likes, dislikes, and their kinks.
557.Absolute Territory,6.2
#Create a 100-meter zone around yourself, inside of that territory all abilities are ranked up by one stage and all of your physical abilities are increased, as long as Absolute Territory is active no other being can call authority inside of it, but as a trade-off, you cannot leave your territory for the duration it is active for. Absolute Territory costs a large amount of energy to maintain.
558.Branding,4.1
#You can brand unresisting targets, marking them as yours, you are able to know the location and condition of the branded targets and you can even summon yourself to them or them to you with a 24-hour cooldown.
559.Soul Marriage,5.5 
#You can soul marry a target of your choosing, they must be willing to marry you. With a kiss they will become your bride and get a soul ring on their ring finger, you can freely share your energy with your wives and vice versa. You can also teleport to their location or they can teleport to yours with an 8-hour cooldown. You can track the current state of your wives and their location. You can also give them your abilities and take them back without penalty.
560.Mirror,4.9
#You can touch a target to copy their power in place of the mirror ability for 1 hour, only works on abilities Legendary rank or below. No cooldown, you can replace the copied ability anytime. 2 hour cooldown.
561.Power Mimicry,7.8
#You can touch a target and add their ability to power mimicry. At any time you can change power mimicry to any power you have stored inside of it. Power mimicry can only mimic one ability at a time.
562.Ability Drain,6.7
#You can touch a target and forcefully absorb their ability, only works if their ability is based on their biology, and does not work for things like blessings, curses, authorities, etc.
563.Beast Mimicry,5.8
#You can mimic or manifest the aspect of any beast you have consumed within a 24-hour period. Like the shell of a crab as armor or the regeneration of a hydra.
564.Overhaul,7.6
#MHA - Allows you to deconstruct and reconstruct matter at will, with training you could even reconstruct matter down to the molecular levels.
565.Pocket Dimension,5.4
#You have access to a pocket dimension that you can use to store basically anything inside, buildings, people, or items. The dimension starts off at 1kmn x 1km and expands as you get stronger. You have to open physical portals to access your dimension so beware.
566.Inventory,3.8
#You have access to an inventory that you can store nonliving targets inside of, the capacity of the inventory is equal to the amount of weight you can carry.
567.Synthesis,6.5
#You can combine two objects to create an object that combines their desired traits. You could keep combining pebbles until you end up with a material equal to adamantite or you could combine enough iron swords to make an unbreakable sword.
568.Sonar,2.6
#You have a sonar on you that you can use to detect your surroundings.
569.Life Radar,2.8
#You can detect all lifeforms and their shapes in a 100-meter radius that you can increase with training
570.Devil Control,8.3
#You can completely and absolutely control any being that is lesser than you, but you have to prove they are lesser than you first.
571.Arbor,4.6
#MHA - You can create and extend wood constructs out of your body that you can control and reinforce.
572.Contractual Rectreation,4.0 
#JJK Reggie - You can invoke any legally binding receipt you have ownership of to take advantage of its effect. You can invoke a receipt for a hot spring trip to make yourself refreshed or a receipt for a house to summon a copy of it that you can control etc.
573.Trajectory Manipulation,6.8
#You are able to manipulate the trajectory of any projectile in your perception, make bullets curve around you, make the spear you threw take a sharp turn without losing momentum, and reverse the direction of a fireball. The more powerful the projectile the harder it is to control the trajectory of.
574.Hermit Purple,4.6
#JJK Joseph - Allows you to call upon Hermit Purple, manifesting as translucent purple vines you can manipulate that can also allow you to divine the future you can increase the accuracy of the divination through training
575.Somnabulist,4.2
#MHA Midnight - Allows you to emit a very powerful sleeping from your skin that takes the form of a purple mist
576.Phantom Touch,2.3
#Allows you to touch a target from range, making them feel your hands or mouth on their body on a spot of your choosing, but these are only phantom sensations that cannot physically affect a target.
577.Collaring,3.8
#You can collar a defeated or submitting target, once collared the target cannot move to hurt you in any way and you can force them to comply with your orders, this ability manifests as a translucent collar and chain around the target's neck that can be hidden.
578.Material Swim,2.4
#You can go through physical objects as if they have the consistency of water, this does not affect the state or structural integrity of the object you are swimming in.
579.Kaleidoscope,9.1
#Fate - A True Magic that allows the user to manipulate parallel worlds.
580.Heaven's Feel,9.0
#Fate - A True Magic that turns the soul of the user into an immortal high-dimensional entity that generates infinite energy.
581.Denial of Nothingness,9.2
#Fate - A True Magic that allows the user to create anything that can be created given enough energy.
582.Lycanthropy,5.8
#Allows you to turn yourself into a werewolf that gives you enhanced physical abilities and the characteristics of a common werewolf. Also allows you to spread it to others to turn them into werewolves.
583.Despair Aura I,1.3
#Allows you to emit an aura of despair that makes people feel uneasy and weaker targets to feel fear.
584.Despair Aura II,2.4
#Allows you to emit an aura of despair that makes people feel a sense of unease and fear toward you, weaker willed targets will be overcome with unbearable fear and panic.
585.Despair Aura III,3.1
#Allows you to emit an aura of despair that makes people feel a sense of deep unease and fear toward you, weaker targets will feel their morale and spirits crushed and be overcome with despair unable to retaliate.
586.Despair Aura IV,4.8
#Allows you to emit an aura of despair that makes people feel a sense of unease, fear, and terror toward you, you can drive weaker targets to insanity by focusing your aura on them and make armies of weaker peons fall to their knees in despair and hopelessness in front of you.
587.Despair Aura V,5.6
#Allows you to emit an aura of death and despair that commands fear, terror, and hopelessness. This aura can even physically crush opponents and bring them to their knees, the weaker an opponent is the more they are susceptible to panic, fear, and insanity. Against targets that are significantly weaker than you, it can even kill them outright.
588.Rubber Body,3.7
#Your body can stretch and compress like it is made of rubber, the higher your physical stats the more it can stretch and compress.
589.Magic Jammer,4.8
#Allows you to destroy or disable magical constructs, the stronger the magical construct the more energy it costs to jam them.
590.Contract Creation,3.7
#Allows you to enforce the clauses and conditions of any contract you make. The conditions of the contract must be set while Contract Enforcement is active, with contract enforcement you can forcefully activate the clauses of a contract on your contract and force your target to comply, this however goes both ways.
591.Binding Vow,4.5
#JJK - Allows you to create binding vows, basically promises with reality itself. If a binding vow between two parties is broken, the breaker will suffer the penalty no matter how strong they are. You can also make self-binding vows, sacrificing things to make your energy output stronger such as being weaker at night in exchange for being stronger at day.
592.Chop Chop,3.7
#One piece Buggy - Allows you to chop your body apart and make your body parts telekinetically float around with your feet as the anchor they move around. You are also immune to slashing attacks while this ability is active, if your limbs move too far away from your feet they become inactive.
593.Lord of Shades,6.0
#From Hollow Knight - You become the embodiment of shades and shadow, allowing you to freely mold them to your will and absorb energy into yourself, but not wield it for your own
594.Almighty Push,4.8
#Naruto - Allows you to exert an incredible repulsion force under your control that can even wipe out entire streets as a normal human but has a 5-second cooldown.
595.Universal Pull,4.1
#Naruto - Allows you to exert an incredibly attractive force under your control that can pull targets from far away or assign it to a target to have them be crushed by objects around them entombing them but has a 5-second cooldown.
596.Operation,7.2
#One Piece Trafalgar Law - Allows you to create a circular zone where you have control over space and treat it like an operating table, allowing you to swap the places of objects, amputate people without damaging them, take out someone's beating heart permanently, teleport, etc. with training you can accomplish much more but maintaining the zone. However, utilizing this power consumes an immense amount of energy.
597.Azure Dragon Form,7.8
#One Piece Kaido - Allows you to transform into a giant Easten Azure Dragon or a hybrid at will, massively boosting your physical abilities and allowing you to use elemental breath attacks like fire, lightning, and air, also allows you to summon fire clouds to either lift things up or help you fly.
598.Budha Form,6.8
#One Piece - Allows you to transform into a giant golden Buddha statue, massively boosting your physical abilities and allowing you to use golden shockwaves, your body in this form is nigh-invulnerable to most forms of damage.
599.Cow Form,2.6
#One Piece - Allows you to transform into a cow or a cow hybrid at will, boosting your physical abilities and augmenting your vitality and stamina. You also inherit the traits a cow possesses while in this form.
600.Sea Snake Form,5.8
#Allows you to transform into a sea snake or a sea snake hybrid at will, largely boosting your physical abilities and giving you minor regeneration as well as water breathing and mobility. You can also unleash a lethal poison breath.
601.Tantric Healing,3.3
#(Nsfw)Allows you to heal ailments and various negative status effects through sexual intimacy, even scars, old wounds, and diseases can be healed and curses mitigated. The higher the level of intimacy and release the more effective the healing.
602.Assembly,4.3
#Allows you to automatically assemble any parts you have access to into any item you have created or built with your own hands before or know how it's made. You can also create lesser versions of the items if the materials you have are subpar.
603.Pearl Jam,3.9
#Allows you to imbue Pearl Jam into your cooking and improve it drastically. Depending on the quality of the food, its ingredients, and your power, the food you cook gain additional effects such as healing and curing illnesses and much more.
604.Trace On,3.8
#Allows you to create weapons out of magical energy as long as you know how to construct them, the stronger a weapon the higher the energy cost.
605.Structural Analysis,3.1
#Fate - Allows you to run your energy through an object or a construct to construct a detailed blueprint of the object in your mind as well as being aware of its weaknesses and flaws.
606.Bloodhound,2.6
#Your smell ability is insane, you can track a week-old scent across a city with no problem. Your sense of smell is also incredibly distinguished, allowing you to pick up the scent of the person you want in a room with over 100 people easily.
607.Hawk Eyes,2.8
#You have very powerful eyes that can see even hundreds of kilometers away with accuracy.
608.Bat Ears,2.9
#Your hearing is incredibly fine-tuned, you can easily distinguish sounds and make out the sound of a coin hitting the ground in the middle of a populated mall.
609.Usurper,6.0
#"Complete Victory" If you make an opponent recognize their complete and utter defeat towards you, you are able to permanently take one of their abilities. Only works once per target.
610.Exchange,4.0
#Allows you to swap a power with the power of another person with their consent as long as both abilities are of the same rank.
611.Finger Gun,3.9
#"Bang" Allows you to point with your index finger and say the words bang to blast a target with telekinetic energy.
612.Telekinesis,4.5
#Allows you to grab and manipulate objects afar with your energy, telekinesis acts like an invisible forcefield that you can shape and move to your liking. Your telekinetic strength starts off as equal to Fubuki from One Punch
613.Greater Telekinesis,6.7
#Allows you to directly manipulate objects, acting as if you exert your willpower over the object itself rather than an outside force, allowing you to manipulate the object itself as well. Your telekinetic might is strong enough to throw around skyscrapers and tear out entire streets at base level and can be improved with training.
614.True Telekinesis,8.8
#Your telekinesis is second to none, you can wield it as a forcefield, as an invisible force, manipulating objects directly, the only limit to what you can do with your telekinesis is your training. Your telekinetic talent is equal to or even beyond that of Tatsumaki from One Punch Man.
615.Daily Grind,4.3
#When this ability has been in an active ability slot for a total of 24 hours, the physical stats of a regular grown human man get permanently added to your own physical stats. This can be repeated as many times as needed.
616.Training Booster,4.8
#While this ability is active, all forms of training are twice as effective, and if Training Booster is placed in an ability slot, for every empty ability slot its effectiveness is doubled. 1 empty slot = 2x, 2 empty slots = 4x, 3 empty slot = 8x etc.
617.Scouter,3.4
#Allows you to accurately gauge your opponent's abilities and power level even if they try to hide it from you.
618.Danger Rating,3.1
#Allows you to view the danger a target can pose to you, ranging from Safe, Moderate, dangerous, lethal, and certain death.
619.Lifeblood,3.8
#Allows you to imbue your blood with your own vitality, those who drink your vitality-infused blood will find themselves healed, the more vitality infused the higher the healing. Imbuing vitality in moderation is harmless but will leave you weakened and exhausted.
620.Strength Sap,4.7 
#Allows you to drain your opponent's strength and temporarily add it to your own through touch. They will slowly recover their strength but if you kill them using Strength Sap you permanently gain 10% of their physical abilities added to your own. The stronger an opponent is in relation to you, the slower you sap their strength.
621.Devil Trigger,5.6
#Devil May Cry - Allows you to tap into your inner demonic power and transform into a Devil form, greatly enhancing your physical abilities and power. If you were a normal human before, with Devil Trigger you could tear apart tanks with your bare hands. Scales with your current abilities.
622.Sin Devil Trigger,7.3
#Devil May Cry - Allows you to tap into your inner demonic power and take it to the next level, turning you into the apotheosis of what your devil form could be. Your power and physical abilities are massively boosted and you can wield pure demonic power to boost your existing abilities but you burn through your stamina and health extremely quickly. If your fireball could only knock down a wall before, it can annihilate a few city blocks with ease with Sin Devil Trigger.
623.Angel Form,4.7
#Allows you to transform into an angel or an angel hybrid, boosting your physical stats and energy and also allowing you to infuse your abilities and items with holy energy, you can also fly with your wings
624.Archangel Form,7.4
#Allows you to transform into an archangel or an archangel hybrid, massively boosting your physical stats and also allowing you to infuse your abilities and items with pure holy energy, as an archangel you can intuitively use abilities such as blessings, healing, and protection, allowing you to use all Holy Abilities below Elite Rank
625.New Order,8.5
#MHA - Allows you to place or decide a RULE on the world on an object, the rule is only as strong as you are, so you cannot put in absolute commands. You can put commands such as strength to make an object stronger or "Can grab lightning" to yourself to make yourself be able to grab lightning, for the ability to work you must know the name of the target that they associate with themselves, no need for it against inanimate object. Can only place 2 orders at a time which can be increased with training.
626.Word Magic,6.4
#Allows you to actualize words to invoke their power by writing them in the air. For example, FREEZE will freeze an object, IMMOVABLE will make an object get stuck mid-air, and BURN will cause it to burst into flames. If the word you are trying to use is too strong for your level it cannot be used.
627.Life Fiber Creation,5.8
#Kill La Kill - Allows you to convert your lifeforce into Life Fibers, Life Fibers are stronger than any manmade material yet more elastic and flexible than any sil or string. You can freely control these life fibers and can even surround yourself with them to significantly boost your physical abilities.
628.Life Fiber Hybrid,6.8
#Your body is infused with Life Fibers, giving you massively superhuman physical abilities and incredible healing ability, whenever you are wounded, the life fibers inside of you will pull you back together, even if you are split in half, they will come out and stitch the two parts together. You also have immense vitality in this form.
629.Infernal Chains,3.8
#You are able to conjure infernal barbed chains that can bind or be used as weapons by you.
630.Angel Style,2.7
#One Punch Man, Puri Puri Prisoner - For every % of skin you have uncovered, your energy output and physical abilities are increased by the same percentage, reaching 2x when fully naked.
631.Heavenly Restriction,5.2
#JJK - While this ability is active, you cannot use energy or mana in any way, in exchange your physical abilities are increased by how much energy you have and you are immune to spells being directly cast on your life buffs, curses, etc. you are also unable to be detected by any magical means or targeted directly by abilities as your body lacks energy/mana.
632.White Tiger Form,3.1
#You are able to transform into a snow tiger or a hybrid, giving you enhanced senses, predatory instincts, natural weapons, and increased physical stats as well as the traits a white tiger might otherwise have
633.Swamp Logia,6.2
#One Piece Caribou - You are able to generate, control, create, and turn into mud or a bottomless swamp. You are to drag objects or people into your swamp and store them inside of you as if they are in stasis.
634.Idle Death Gamble,5.5
#JJK Hakari - I am not writing all of this down https://jujutsu-kaisen.fandom.com/wiki/Idle_Death_Gamble
635.Susanoo,4.6
#Naruto - Allows you to form a humanoid energy construct around your body that possesses exceptional defense. You can use this construct to both attack and defend for you while still being able to use abilities inside of it as it possesses selective intangibility, allowing you to let inside whatever you want. At first, this manifests as a skeletal humanoid but through training, you can make it stronger and more whole.
636.Perfect Mangekyo Sharingan - Sasuke,6.1
#Naruto - Allows you to use the Mangekyo Sharingan possessed by Sasuke Uchiha, in addition to all of the abilities of the normal Sharingan that are enhanced, this allows the user to summon and control Amaterasu and summon a Susanoo.
637.Susanoo Ribs,3.7
#Naruto - Allows you to form Susanoo's ribs around yourself, a construct made up of your own energy that is very durable and selectively intangible, allowing you to attack from inside it.
638.Barrier,4.8
#Unordinary - You can form an incredibly durable circular or dome-shaped barrier that you can adjust the size of, whoever damages the barrier takes reflective damage forming lacerations and breaks around their body but if the barrier cracks the user will take internal damage and cough blood, if the barrier completely breaks they will take even more backlash. With training, you can even change the shape, size, and amount of barriers you can manifest at once.
639.Spider Man,5.9
#Marvel - "Don't forget the hyphen!" You were bitten by a radioactive spider, giving you enhanced physical abilities, wall climbing, natural web production as well as precognition, the whole package, and none of the hassle of spider totems.
640.Bloodlust,2.8
#Cloak yourself in the aura of a killer, and your instincts are boosted, giving you a sixth, allowing you to know where to strike better, find out weak spots in your enemy, and anticipate their movements. In essence, this gives you the sense of a very experienced killer.
641.Phasing,6.1
#Marvel - Allows you to pass phase through objects and make objects phase through other objects as well, you can unphase objects inside of other objects to cause massive damage that ignores conventional durability.
642.The Absorber,7.2
#You can absorb all energy, kinetic, thermal, radiation, etc., and convert it into your own, provided the energy makes contact with your body.
643.Magic Arrow,2.7
#A simple attributeless energy projectile in the shape of an arrow that you can curve the direction of.
644.Momentum,2.3
#The longer you are moving, the faster you start going, with a maximum of 500%. This limit can be expanded through training.
645.Fa Jin,2.9
#MHA - Allows you to build up kinetic energy in your limbs through repeated movements that you release for a burst of power and speed. The stockpiled energy slowly fades away if not used.
646.Glowing Eyes,0.1
#Your eyes can glow, not enough to provide any tangible advantage or use but they look cool.
647.Slipper,1.7
#Your skin is really slippery like it's made of ice covered in oil, anyone trying to grab your body will be really annoyed.
648.Waypoint,4.4
#Allows you to leave behind waypoints that you can warp to at any time, setting a waypoint on your location or traveling to it takes 10 seconds. The amount of waypoints you can have at any time is equal to your ability slot count x 3.
649.Wood Release,6.8
#Naruto - Wood release allows you to create, shape, and control wood and plant life, in addition, you can absorb and suppress energy/mana through the roots that you create.
650.Dust Release,7.2
#Naruto - Allows the user to form three-dimensional translucent constructs such as spheres and cubes that once launched, turn anything that passes through them to dust on a molecular level.
651.Skill Drain,4.7
#Worm Victor - Allows you to drain the skills of people through touch, for example, you can drain the swordsmanship skill of a swordsman to worsen their skill and improve yours, but your skill cannot exceed the one you are stealing so you can't become a sword god by absorbing the skills of 1000 basic swordsmen.
652.Velocity,3.6
#Worm - You move 10x faster but your influence on the world is 10x less. While you are 10x faster, you will also punch 10x times weaker and air resistance will be 10x stronger, etc.
653.Nine Lives,7.8
#Fate - Grants you nine lives, every time you die with Nine Lives active you will be resurrected at full health and you will gain a high level of resistance towards what killed you previously.
654.Rinnegan,8.6
#Naruto - The ultimate eyes that grant you the ability to utilize six abilities collectively known as the Six Paths Technique: controlling attractive and repulsive forces with the Deva Path; mechanically altering one's body with the Asura Path; extracting souls through the Human Path; summoning various creatures through the Animal Path; absorbing chakra through the Preta Path; and access to the King of Hell through the Naraka Path. A seventh ability, called the Outer Path, is said to allow the user to preside over life and death, granting them the ability to revive the dead. In addition, you can clearly see the flow of energy and have unparalleled sensory abilities.
655.Object Attraction,0.8
#MHA - You can slowly draw small objects toward you, useful for when you don't want to get up from the bed to grab the remote.
656.Rad Child,4.8
#Fallout - Who said radiation was bad? You are able to absorb radiation into your body, giving you regeneration and boosted physical abilities while irradiated, you can also absorb radiation to permanently improve your physical abilities and energy reserves.
657.Weather,0.9
#You are able to accurately tell the weather of a given area for the span of a week.
658.Weather Report,7.0
#JoJo - Allows you to control the weather and atmosphere both passively and actively, you can also control lightning, conjure water, recreate any previous weather phenomenon, create storms, change the composition of air, control wind, etc, this ability can also work autonomously without your input to defend you or act on your intent.
659.Hurting,3.9
#Fear and Hunger - Allows you to directly damage a target by pointing at them, causing lacerations on their body.
660.Dark Orb,2.8
#Allows you to conjure an orb out of dark energy that you can hurl at your enemies as a projectile.
661.Internet Access,3.6
#(Tech)You can access the internet of your local world through your mind and instantly look up any information inside it through it.
662.Frisk,1.7
#Allows you to know the full inventory of a target you are looking at, what they are wearing, and what's on their body as well as a quick summary of their inventory.
663.Ripen,1.2
#Allows you to ripen and mature organic objects that cannot or do not resist.
664.Forced Activation,4.6
#Allows you to forcefully activate and use the ability of a target you are touching as long as they are willing or cannot resist.
665.Tactile Telekinesis,3.5
#Allows you to telekinetically manipulate objects you maintaining physical contact with, such as being able to crumple a car with a touch. The stronger a target is, the less of an effect it has on them
666. Tinker - Bombs, 7.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to causing explosions and operating them, you can create bombs of all varieties, simple explosives, bombs that freeze time in an area, transmute an area to glass, teleport whatever was exploded, etc depending on the abilities you have as inspiration.
667. Tinker - Efficiency, 4.5
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to improving efficiency or more efficient and streamlined versions of existing technology.
668. Tinker - Drones, 3.6
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to drones, be it surveillance drones, turret drones, building drones, etc.
669. Tinker - Blasto, 6.7
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to biology and minion creation, allowing you to create custom plants, specialized drugs, clones, and homunculi with provided materials, tinker powers can also draw inspiration from your ability and traits list.
670. Tinker - Prosthetics, 3.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to prosthetics and limb replacements such as bionic arms, mecha legs, weaponized arms with guns and blades hidden inside, etc. Tinker powers can also draw inspiration from your ability and traits list to expand on the list of technology you can build.
671. Tinker - Cryogenics, 4.4
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to cryonics, frozen stasis chambers, frost grenades, ice guns, fridges, etc. You'd make Doctor Freeze proud.
672. Tinker - Pyrotechnics, 4.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to pyrotechnics, flamethrowers, super napalm, missiles, etc. You'd make Firefly proud.
673. Tinker - Hacking, 3.5
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to hacking, hijacking, and interfacing with other technologies.
674. Tinker - Ai, 6.6
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to artificial intelligence, allowing you to create smart assistants to operate tech for you, sentient companions, or go full Ultron.
675. Tinker - Bio, 7.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to biology and living organisms, you can make diseases, elixirs, clones, healing pods, custom races, and the list goes on.
676. Tinker - Vehicle, 4.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to vehicles or methods of transportation, like giant cars with laser canons and cloaking technology, a ship that goes at the speed of sound and does not get affected by waves. If it involves vehicles, you can build it.
677. Tinker - Repair, 2.6
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to maintaining and repairing technology. You can also spot the flaws in technology and know how to fix almost all technology.
678. Tinker - Travel, 5.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to transportation and travel. Teleportation pods, hypersonic cars, wingsuits, etc. if its goal is to get you from point A to point b you can probably build it.
679. Tinker - Teleportation, 4.7
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to teleportation like a telepad, teleportation pod, etc.
680. Tinker - Melee Weapons, 4.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to melee weapons, like fire swords, vibration blades, grenade hammers, etc. If it's a melee weapon and not magic you can probably build it.
681. Tinker - Ranged Weapons,5.6
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to ranged weapons, like laser cannons, a revolver, missile batteries, etc.
682. Tinker - Capture and Restraint,4.3
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to capturing and restraining individuals such as power-suppressing cuffs, containment foam, durable cells, etc.
683. Tinker - Construction,3.6
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to construction such as super cement, reinforced steel structures, and incredibly efficient building schematics.
684. Tinker - Cloaking,4.1
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to cloaking like invisibility fields, anti-radars, sound suppression, etc.
685. Tinker - Analysis,4.6
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to analyzing data like scouters, observation drones predictive programs, etc.
686. Tinker - Mecha,8.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to creating big ass mechs like Evangelion, Code Geass, or Gundam.
687. Tinker - Cyberpunk 2077,5.4
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions from the Cyberpunk 2077 universe.
688. Tinker - Metal Gear,7.3
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions from the Metal Gear universe.
689. Tinker - Androids,5.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to constructing androids and artificial lifeforms.
690. Tinker - RWBY,6.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions from the RWBY Universe including Dust synthesis.
691. Tinker - Code Geass,6.5
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions from the Code Geass Universe.
692. Tinker - Computers,4.2
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to personal computers, allowing you to build stuff like small supercomputers, etc.
693. Tinker - Games,2.3
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to games or entertainment programs. You are over 100 times more efficient than the average experienced full development team when it comes to making games and entertainment programs.
694. Tinker - Dreadon,8.3
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions emulating the technology of Dreadon from Calamity Mod
695. Tinker - Sensors,4.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to sensors, sensing, and tracking like radars, sonars, magic sensors, trackers, etc.
696. Tinker - Star Wars,6.0
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions from the Star Wars universe including Kyber Crystal synthesis
697. Tinker - Defense,4.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to defense or securement, like barrier projectors, reinforced chassis, turrets, etc.
698. Tinker - Armor,5.8 
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to armored suits or power armor such as the Iron Man Suit, Fallout Power Armor, basically, you can build any kind of powered suit as long as it is not larger than 5 times your size, because then it is classified as a mech.
699. Tinker - Fallout,5.3
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions from the Fallout Universe, such as Fusion Batteries, Chems, Power Armor, Stealth Boys, etc. Does not include Big MT. Technology
700.Toggle,2.5
#Allows you to turn objects or targets on and off, does not work on living beings, you could turn a radio on and off, this is also applicable to your own abilities as well
701.Technopathy,4.8
#(Tech)"Talk to the power" Allows you to communicate and command machines that have code or interfaces, the resistance of the machine against your commands is equal to the strength of their firewall
702.Dark Hand,3.7
#Dark Souls - This allows you to drain the lifeforce of the people you grab to add it to your own, the opponent must not be able to resist, in addition, you can cover your hand in dark hand to deal more damage or spread it out like a medium-sized shield.
703.Polymerization,4.3
#Allows you to temporarily fuse your familiars together or with yourself. The stronger familiars you fuse together with yourself or between them, the higher the energy cost. Keeping two entities fused together drain energy over time.
704.Viltrumite Physiology,7.1
#Invincible - You are basically a pure-blooded viltrumite, which means insane durability, the ability to freely move through space to fly, incredible physical abilities, enhanced sensory abilities, and a very adaptable body.
705.Kryptonian Physiology,8.8
#DC - You are a pure-blood Kryptonian, a yellow sun supercharges your cells granting you numerous superpowers such as heat vision, ice breath, tactile telekinesis, flight, and super physique alongside all of the abilities a Kryptonian otherwise has. The longer you soak in sunlight the stronger these abilities are, sunlight also permanently improves your energy reserves.
706.Saiyan Physiology,6.8
#Dragon Ball - You are a pure-blooded saiyan warrior, giving you a superhuman physique that can improve rapidly and abnormal energy levels, you also have a tail that is your weakness, paralyzing you when grabbed, under the full moon you turn into an Oozaru with massively enhanced stats but is mindless. Also, recovering from near-death injuries makes you significantly stronger. Just don't expect to bust planets too soon, it took Goku 20 years and training all his life to do so.
707.Soft & Wet,5.8
#JoJo - You can release soap bubbles that plunder the property of a target they touch, like the friction from the floor to make it slippery or the hydration from a person to make them thirsty.
708.Soften,3.4
#Allows you to soften objects you are touching while still keeping their properties otherwise, you can turn the consistency of steel into the dough but it's still as heavy and durable. Once you release your power the objects will slowly gain their hardness back but their shapes will still remain changed.
709.Harden,3.5
#Allows you to harden objects you are touching while still keeping their properties, like hardening fire to turn it into a hot barrier or hardening water to turn it into a platform. Once you release your power the objects will slowly gain consistency.
710.Clone,5.3
#Allows you to clone yourself and operate your bodies as a hivemind, you can use your abilities from anybody you control but maintaining clones costs energy, not too much but enough to be noticeable and will really add up if you use more than a few for long periods of time.
711. Multiply,6.8
#Invincible - Allows you to create clones of your physical body, these clones cannot use your abilities but will carry on your physical traits at the moment of forming, forming them while an ability is active is more taxing, you and your clones work as a hivemind and share one mind. These clones do not require energy to maintain, you can have 10 clones at a time but this number can be increased with training.
712. Avatar Creation,5.8
#Allows you to turn your abilities into avatars. To create an avatar you must give it at least 10% of your maximum energy storage. The avatar can act both independently or you can take active control of it at any time. The avatar is only capable of using the ability that you give it and otherwise possesses your basic stats. You can dispel the avatar at any time to get your ability back or otherwise if it perishes, the energy and ability will return in 1 hour.
713. Twice,8.3
#MHA - Allows you to clone yourself and others but these clones possess an independent mind and massively reduced durability, you can only clone two targets at a time but your clones can also clone, the clones your clones make have even more reduced durability. After 10 iterations the clones are not strong enough to retain form.
714. Clay Bombs,4.7
#Naruto - Allows you to form clay constructs capable of independent movement that can explode upon the user's command, the more energy is infused into the clay, the more power behind the explosion you create.
715. Dark Matter,9.5
#Toaru - Allows you to generate and control a nonexistent matter called Dark Matter, Dark Matter can take on any property such as being combustible, turning organic beings to ash, creating new states of matter, creating new elements, creating life, creating clones, creating new powers, the only limitation is computational power.
716. Nilbog,6.7
#Worm - Allows you to recycle biomass into customized minions with abilities and self-awareness. To create a minion you need access to biomass like a dog corpse and the biomass and result must have equal biomass, you can create minions in any form as long their body is biologically possible no matter how implausible, so you can create firebreathing horses with graphene scales if you practice enough. Your creations are unconditionally loyal to you.
717. World Painting,6.7
#Dark Souls - You are able to bring paintings into existence, whatever landscape you paint you will be able to enter the painting to experience the world inside like it is its own pocket dimension or even its own world depending on your power level. But even at the bare minimum you can paint a small forest and have things live inside of it. With enough training, you can even create your own mini-world.
718. Wonder of U,9.4
#JoJo - You are protected by the very concept of Calamity itself. As long as something is pursuing you, or even aware of you they will be inflicted with calamities of increasing magnitude until they stop pursuing you or die. The closer they get to you, the higher the calamities will escalate, they will never reach you as long as you exist. Calamities range from a falling tree to at maximum escalation their own abilities killing themselves. You do not gain tickets from targets killed in a calamity.
719. Bloody Imitation,3.0
#MHA - Allows you to transform your physical appearance to the blood of someone you have consumed at will down to the most minute details. The duration of the disguise is equal to (ml of blood consumed x 1 minute).
720. Bloody Replication,4.4
#MHA - Allows you to transform into another person by consuming their blood, the transformation exactly copies the physical abilities of the target including their ability as well as how to use it and basic information about the target. The duration of the transformation is equal to (ml of blood consumed x 1 minute)
721. Tetramand Transformation,5.5
#Ben 10 - You are able to take on the form of a Tetramand or a Tetramand hybrid, Tetramands are among the mightiest warrior races in the galaxy, having rough and durable red skin, four eyes and four arms and known for their incredible strength that is second to none.
722. Cement Manipulation,3.9
#MHA - Allows you to conjure and manipulate cement allowing you to shape it into constructs, walls, weapons, and even turn it back into a less solid form.
723. Slime Physique,3.1
#Allows you to transform yourself into a slime either fully or partially, allowing you to mostly negate physical damage and take advantage of your slimy physique.
724. Cursed Flames, 3.4
#Terraria - Allows you to throw green fireballs that cannot burn inanimate objects instead only living devours living flesh, if it makes contact with inanimate objects it will bounce like rubber while sticking to flesh like glue.
725. Burning Sea, 4.3
#Calamity Mod - Allows you to throw balls of crimson flame that are strengthened by water, trying to extinguish it with water would be like throwing crude oil into flame.
726. Brimstone, 4.7
#Calamity Mod - You are able to conjure and wield the flames of the Brimstone Crag tempered by the agony of tortured souls, these flames are hot beyond compare, incinerating everything in their path and being able to burn intangible things like souls.
727. Ranchor, 6.7
#Calamity Mod - The ultimate brimstone flames birthed out of malice, tempered by revenge. The potency and heat of these flames are beyond compare, being able to burn anything, including souls, energy and flesh. But even their user is not immune to their own flames, while to a lesser extent, the more they use ranchor the more they will be burnt.
728. Banishing Fire, 3.6
#A holy fire gifted to clerics by angels in the form of blessings, these flames do not have any effect on regular living creatures like humans and animals but instead deal extreme damage to any unholy or darkness-aligned being and prevent them from healing.
729. Holy Flame, 4.6
#Allows you to wield the holy flames of Angels, while not any more effective than regular against regular living creatures like humans and animals they deal extreme damage to any unholy or darkness-aligned being and prevent them from healing. In addition, they can be used to burn away afflictions if one is skilled enough at wielding them.
730.Ace of All Trades,5.3
#While this ability is in an active slot your comprehension is massively boosted, you only need to read a book once to learn it completely, and you could imitate someone's martial art by watching a video. You could learn someone's martial art while you are exchanging blows. You learn and master skills at supernatural rates. 
731. Divinity Fire, 8.5
#You are a God of Fire and hold domain over all fire, allowing you to create and control any type of fire and hold power over its shape, temperature and effect.
732. Fire Conduit, 5.5
#Conduit Ability from Infamous - Allows the user to absorb fire to harness its powers, does not consume mana but instead absorbs fire. Allows the user to turn into, manipulate, and generate flames.
733. Ifrit, 5.2
#You can transform into an Ifrit, a spirit born from fire, while you are an Ifrit you cannot use water or water-based abilities but all of your fire abilities are much stronger and you have natural flame generation.
734. Ifrit Sultan, 6.6
#You can transform into an Ifrit Sultan, an ancient spirit of flame that rules over other spirits of fire with power comparable to even ancient dragons. All fire abilities are made stronger and any cryo or hydrokinetic abilities are made unavailable. You have natural pyrokinesis and are immune to all fire
735. More Eyes,1.0
#You can manifest eyes anywhere on your body. You will not be disorientated by the multiple instances of vision you manifest.
736. Extension,4.8
#Allows you to extend the duration of something beyond the norm by consuming energy, whether that be increasing the duration of a blessing, extending a lifespan, extending an expiry date, or extending how long a flame burns. To extend a duration you must be able to interact with the target.
737. Size Manipulation,4.3
#Allows you to manipulate the size, and by extension mass, of a target you are touching. Every time you double or halve the size of an object the cost of increasing or decreasing the size of the target is doubled. After a set amount of time the changes revert.
738. Shrink,2.8
#Allows you to shrink yourself to 20x smaller, your power decreases proportionally to your size but you can unshrink yourself at any time. This limit can be increased with training. 
739. Minimize Me,4.7
#Allows you to shrink yourself up to 20x smaller without compromising your power, whether you are 180cm or 18cm tall, your attack will hit with the same intensity. This limit can be increased with training.
740. Gigantism,4.2
#Allows you to increase your size, and by proxy your mass, by up to 10x, maintaining large size consumes stamina and you will burn through energy much quicker. With training, you can get even larger. 
741. Titanic,5.8
#Allows you to increase your size, and by proxy your mass, by up to 100x, maintaining large size consumes stamina and you will burn through energy much quicker. With training, you can get even larger.
742. Enlarge,4.0
#Allows you to enlarge whatever target you touch, this effect can be both permanent or temporary with permanence taking much more energy. The more energy an object possesses the harder and more costly it will be to enhance.
743. Message,2.6
#Allows you to send a one-way telepathic message to someone's head as long as they are in your sensory range.
744. Induce Baldness,0.7
#"A power so cruel" allows you to induce baldness within a target by making contact with them, whether that is making them lose hair over the course of a long time or instantly making all of their hair fall out. Beware, using this may make you the mortal enemy of most.
745. Dream Mirror,1.7
#Allows you to view the dreams of anyone in your sensory range like a live stream, you could probably influence their dreams by whispering their ears too.
746. Share Sense,2.3
#Allows you to link your senses with other people and vice versa, allowing you to see the world from their perspective and them from yours. You need to touch the target to activate this ability and they must be willing. Linking up with too many people may get disorientating.
747. Sleep Talk,2.4
#Allows you to talk to people while they are sleeping to influence them like making them dream of what you want or influencing their opinions like hypnosis.
748. Probability Estimation,6.8
#Worm Dinah - Allows you to view probabilities of whatever outcome you question, like the chance of you dying tomorrow, or the chance of finding what you want in a particular place. This ability is always accurate except for when dealing with matters related to blind spots.
749. Adhesion,1.9
#You can turn your skin incredibly sticky, sticky enough that you could stick to walls or prevent ordinary people from pulling away from you. You do not feel the difference and can control which parts are sticky.
750. Lion Form,3.6
#Allows you to turn into a proud lion or a hybrid at will, granting you enhanced physical ability, a paralyzing roar, and natural weapons. Any mundane animal you meet will defer to you as the king of the animal kingdom as long as you don't harm them.
751. Fake Weapon,0.7
#Allows you to create illusionary weapons in your hands for intimidation purposes.
752. Bear Manipulation,0.9
#Allows you to take control of all bears within a 50-meter radius around yourself. Good luck finding so many bears.
753. Healing Kiss,4.2
#MHA - Allows you to heal people by kissing them, once you kiss someone it supercharges their natural regeneration with your own energy. 
754. VATS,2.8
#Fallout - "Vault-tec Assisted Targeting System" allows you to put your body on autopilot to aim for you or help you aim your attacks or it can help you during melee combat, acting as a helpful combat AI or an automated battle system with Intermediate Level skill.
755. Warp Mist,6.5
#MHA - Allows you to create and control dark mists that act like portals you can shape your liking, you can form this mist to anywhere you have been to or can see. With training, you can create more mist and use co-ordinates and images to form portals to places you haven't been to
756. Phenex,7.6
#DxD - You are the Phenex, your flames make you immortal, nearl instantly regenerating your body as long as a single shred of it remains, in addition you can harness powerful flames and winds with ease.
757. Crack,6.7
#DxD - Allows the user to create Tears in things within their range, such as creating tears in an attack to render it ineffective or tearing apart a target directly to cause massive damage. Tears are incredibly hard to heal and even an Epic ranked healing ability would take hours to heal it.
758. Number Man,8.1
#Worm - You are good with numbers, that is an understatement, you have nigh infinite computational power when it comes to dealing with numbers and calculations, anything related to math or calculations you can put even the strongest supercomputers in a sci-fi world to shame.
759. Route,1.8
#You see a line directing you to the location you want to go as long as you precisely know the location of where you want to go.
760. Stockpile,3.0
#Allows you to stockpile energy in this ability as long as it is in an active slot. This ability can hold up to 3x your own energy storage but takes 24 hours to fill up completely.
761. Cockroach Physique,4.1
#Allows you to turn into a humanoid cockroach or a hybrid at will, granting you extreme resilience and increased physical abilities along with all of the traits a mundane cockroach would otherwise possess.
762. Candy Paramecia,4.2
#One Piece Persopero - Allows you to create and control candy at will, the candy emerges as a viscous syrup that can harden itself under your control, and you lose control of the candy after it separates from your body. With training, you can make your candy as hard as steel and even manipulate it outside of your body.
763. Bronze Creation,3.5
#Allows you to create and shape Bronze, the superior metal and alloy, forming weapons, armor, or even constructs out of it, you can also reinforce this bronze with your own energy.  
764. Blood Burn,3.8
#Allows you to enhance your physical stats significantly by burning your own blood, for every second this ability is active you lose 1ml of blood, you can increase this rate to make it up to 5x stronger with 10ml lost every second.
765. Devil Regeneration,5.9
#Grants you extreme regeneration capable of regrowing limbs in seconds but this regeneration is fueled by the blood of others instead of energy. The more blood you consume the more you can regenerate. But in general, a large cup of blood should get you from near death to peak condition.
766. Tower of Babel,5.6
#Allows you to scramble the senses of everyone within a 500-meter radius of you, disorientating them extremely, making them feel like they are falling, nausea, vertigo, tinnitus, deafness, etc. 
767. Reactive Activation,2.7
#Allows you to set conditions on your abilities to have them activate once the conditions are met, for example, a barrier being activated when a high-speed projectile is hurled toward you or heal activating when a foreign substance enters you.
768. The Camper,4.8
#"I can stay here all day" When standing still in a single place for over 10 seconds you gain increased energy, Stamina, and health regeneration as well as increased durability and resistance. If your feet are moved more than 10 centimeters from the initial position this effect fades.
769. Energy Regeneration,3.3
#You regenerate your energy/mana but in exchange, your stamina is being consumed instead.
770. Bloody Carthus,2.8
#You can sacrifice your health to recover your energy instantly, the more energy you recover the more damage you take from Bloody Carthus.
771. Monarch's Indifference,3.0
#Authors PoV - Allows you to suppress your emotions completely and act with complete indifference to accomplish your goal. This also completely counters any mind manipulation or telepathy ability aimed toward you.
772. Emotion Spectrum,2.4
#You can see people's emotions as auras of different colors surrounding them. Such as yellow for happiness, green for envy, black for despair, red for anger, etc.
773. Sugar Rush,2.8
#MHA - You can consume sugar to gain temporary super strength equal in duration to the amount of sugar you have consumed but after it fades you suffer from a massive sugar crash.
774. Scarlet Rot,6.4
#Elden Ring - Allows you to create, control, and inflict scarlet rot. A deadly infection from a foreign god that erodes the minds and bodies of those it ails and turns them into mindless savage monsters. 
775. Path to Love,5.3
#Allows you to view how to romance people and unlocks their romance questlines. If you have this on your side and still cannot get the partner you want then there is probably no path to love for you.
776.Path to Victory,9.6
#Worm - Allows you to create a path to any objective you want as long it is possible to accomplish the goal even if it is a one in one googol chance, as long as it's mechanically possible a path to accomplishing it will be created for you. When following a path you are impossibly precise to be able to obey the path perfectly and avoid mechanical error. The Path is nigh omniscient and can calculate anything that is not a blind spot. You can also choose to only use the paths as a guideline.
777. Spectral Claw,3.7
#Unordinary - Allows you to manifest a large demon like clawed arm over your own, this arm possesses superhuman strength and grip, enough to crush steel and lift a car at base strength, it can also extend and grow in size slightly. The damage this arm takes is reflected in your real arm.
778. Shield,3.6
#Allows you to create translucent barriers in the shape of domes and walls that act as physical barriers to defend against attacks.
779. Absolute Barrier,6.5
#One Piece - By crossing your fingers you can create a transparent barrier that you can control the shape and size of, only one barrier can be made at a time. This barrier is completely invulnerable to all mundane means of damage such as physical force, thermal damage, lightning, etc. 
780. Shock Absorption,3.5
#Your body absorbs kinetic energy like a sponge, reducing the effectiveness of physical attacks against you.
781. Hydrogen Manipulation,6.8
#Allows you to sense and telekinetically control Hydrogen with perfect precision, the most abundant element in the universe. With it, you can manipulate air, and water, create explosions, freeze using liquid hydrogen
782. Oxygen Manipulation,7.8
#Allows you to sense and telekinetically control Oxygen with perfect precision, allowing you to control air, create and control fire with combustion, oxidize objects to corrode them, or poison with pure oxygen clouds.
783. Sharpen,3.2
#Allows you to sharpen objects you care touching, you can sharpen a blade until its blade is monomolecular or you can swing air and sharpen it to create razor sharp winds.
784. Dragon Projection,4.3
#Allows you to create projections of translucent dragon limbs that you can use in various ways like summoning arms to cut, smash, or protect, its head to bite or to bellow flames, or even its wings on your back to help you fly or glide.
785. Hydra Projection,4.7
#MHA - Allows you to unleash projections resembling the head of a hydra from your body or back, the Hydra head can be used to crush, bite, smash, and even constrict using its neck. The hydra is connected to you by its neck and once it's severed you will need time to summon that head back again. 
786. Natural Armory,3.9
#Allows you to turn objects you are touching into cold weapons that are stable in form regardless of their original matter. Like a solid scythe out of water, a spear out of stone, a sword of air, a whip of fire. The world around you is your armory.
787. Unlimited Bladeworks,6.4
#Fate - {Reality Marble} allows you to scan and understand any weapon you come across, the weapon is then added to a mental armory that you can use your energy to temporarily bring it out into the real world as a projection that shares the exact same attributes as the original. With enough practice, you can drag others into your mental world instead, containing all of the swords you can project. You can only add weapons you can understand into your marble, so by default no weapons made by Aliens, Fae, and Divine.
788. Reinforcement,3.3
#Fate - Allows you to reinforce the structure and increase the quality of the object you are touching or yourself. The more energy you pour into a reinforcement the stronger it is but the harder it is to maintain.  
789. Alteration,3.6
#Fate - Allows you to alter the shape and structure of an object you are touching, such as making it sharper, more blunt, and increasing its length. You could turn a sword into a polearm while still keeping all of its abilities.
790. Cosmetic Calibration,1.6
#Allows you to change anything about yourself that is purely cosmetic, like the color of your abilities, the color of your hair, the shape of your pupils, the color of your skin, etc.
791. Power to Reject Death,6.5
#Legendary Moonlight Sculptor - Upon your death you will resurrect and change your race into an undead, the strength of the undead you revive as is equal to your ability slot count. After 24 hours pass you resurrect again as your original self. 1 = Skeleton 2 = Skeleton Warrior or Skeleton Mage 3 = Dullahan or Necromancer 4 = Death Knight or Lich 5+ = Dread Knight or Elder Lich. This ability has a 10-day cooldown.
792. Dead Apostle Ancestor,8.3
#Fate/Tsukihime - You are a Dead Apostle Ancestor, the strongest rank of Vampire, as a Dead Apostle Ancestor you have incredible physical and magical prowess, mist transformation, and unlike normal regeneration, instead of repairing your body, your body turns back its own time whenever you are injured to return you back to your peak state by consuming your own blood. As long as there is blood in your body and your heart is still inside your body you are immortal. In addition, you form your own Idea Blood, an authority belonging to you that is ranked Legendary, the idea blood is based on your experiences and life. You can also turn others into fully fledged undead apostles.
793. Crush,5.8
#You are able to remotely crush any object in your line of sight, you can increase the pressure you are putting on them by increasing your energy output. The stronger the target the harder it is to crush them.
794. Schrodinger,7.9
#Hellsing - You can teleport, except is it really teleportation? Because in reality, you are everywhere and nowhere at once, all it takes is closing your eyes and you can appear at any location you are aware of. This ability does not consume energy/mana.
795. Catch the Rainbow,2.1
#JoJo - When under rainfall you can stand on raindrops, teleport through them, or grab them and use them as knives. Does not work on falling water but only under actual rain instead.
796. Ratio Technique,2.8
#JJK - Allows you to split your target into imaginary lines that forcibly create a weak spot for them at the ratio point of seven to three, hitting a target on that spot will deal critical damage.
797. Killer Queen,6.1
#JoJo - Allows you to turn anything you touch into a bomb, you can explode this bomb at any time, either choosing to explode the object along with the explosion or make it unscathed by the explosion. Anything that touches a Killer Queen bomb can be exploded along with the target to bypass durability. You can also touch things Killer Queen to explode them with weak power but still disintegrate them. Powerful targets can resist this effect to a degree.
798. Diver Down,4.8
#JoJo - Allows you to dive into objects and restructure from the inside, either knitting someone's insides back together or fusing two objects together. You can also simply take advantage of going inside objects to hide inside of people or objects.
799. Berserk,4.5
#"Power at what cost?" you gain extreme strength and endurance as well as near pain immunity in exchange for losing your inhibitions and entering a trance. With berserk, even an ordinary man could throw around trucks, tear apart tanks, and eat missiles.
800. Move Mimicry,4.0
#You are able to mimic any one move or ability your opponent has displayed and store it inside of Mimic, you can unleash the exact same move or ability yourself with Mimic. Copied effect cannot be ranked higher than Epic and after use, Mimic will return to its basic state, the ability can be only used once and only one ability can be mimicked at a time. 8-hour cooldown.
801. Clockwork,6.8
#You can rewind time with 1-minute charges, when you spend a charge you return to the past by 1 minute, you gain a charge every 24 hours, and can hold up to 30 charges at a time.
802. Luck Aura,7.7
#You can store and unleash luck, every 24 hours you get a charge of luck aura that you can spend to get an instance of extreme luck such as somehow surviving a lethal attack or finding precisely what you need. This does not apply to gacha tickets. You can hold at most 7 charges at a time. 
803. Lucky Strike,4.3
#When you use lucky strike you can turn luck and favor your way for once, for 1 hour you are filled with extraordinary amounts of luck, and fortune of all kinds are on your side. Cooldown: 7 days 7 hours 7 minutes. 
804. Eye of Discernment,5.0
#{Mystic Eyes} These mystic eyes allow you to see through all illusions and deceit. Any illusion you lay your eyes on reveals their true form to you and you can tell when people intend to deceive you and which of their words are correct.
805. Enchanting,4.3
#Allows you to enchant items according to your own abilities and traits, if you have pyrokinesis you can grant fire related enchantments to items or you can imbue the power itself to the item to make it able to release the ability as a limited use consumable. The strength of the enchantment depends on the item and your power level. 
806. Greater Enchanting,5.3
#Allows you to enchant items according to your own abilities and traits, if you have pyrokinesis you can grant fire related enchantments to items or you can imbue the power itself to the item to make it able to release the ability as a limited use consumable. The strength of the enchantment depends on the item and your power level. 
807. Esper Silence,5.4
#Legendary Mechanic - Allows you to disable the ability of a target by making physical contact with them, the duration of the silence is dependent on the power difference between you and the target but the minimum is 3 seconds. 5 minute cooldown.
808. Flawed Return,5.1
#You can turn back the clock but it's not exactly right, you go back in time by up to 5 minutes with a 10-minute cooldown. But when you go back in time your body also does, meaning your injuries and exhaustion carry over.
809. Save & Load,9.0
#You have 12 save files that you can save and load at any time. There are no quicksaves or autosaves so you have to use them manually.
810. Xavier,7.7
#You are an extremely powerful telepath, being able to communicate with people tens of kilometers away and control the human mind like its clay.
811. We Are Network,4.8
#Allows you to borrow the processing power of objects, slowing them down while speeding up yours massively, you need to make contact with the target to take their processing power. Overuse might cause brain damage to both parties.
812. Gallant,4.6
#Worm - You are able to sense people's emotions and send projectiles that deal no damage but change the emotions of the target like making them euphoric or depressed temporarily.
813. Empathy,2.8
#You can sense people's emotions and with training, you might even be able to point out why they feel the emotions and get more detailed sensations.
814. Heartbreaker,5.8
#Worm - You are able to manipulate the emotions of people in your range that start at 50 meters, making them suicidal, adoring, lustful, wrathful, and everything in between. You can subtly tweak emotions or overwhelm them. Effectiveness depends on the power difference between you and the target.
815. Piloting,5.0
#You can take control of and pilot people's bodies while suppressing their minds or them letting you take the driver's seat. While piloting your body is unconscious but with training, you may be able to pilot more people at once. You need eye contact to take control and people with strong willpower or power can resist it.
816. Snap Out of It!,3.8
#You can clear negative mental conditions such as fear, panic, or even mind control from people by firmly slapping them. The effectiveness scales with your physical stats.
817. Volition,4.5
#You are at your maximum, while volition is active you are immune to status effects like fear, panic, sadness, despair, and all else, you are also incredibly motivated and determined.
818. Frenzy,3.2
#You are drunk on the scent of blood, you are immune to negative mental effects but at the time you lose most of your inhibitions in exchange for a large boost to your instincts.
819. Trance,3.7
#Allows you to snap your fingers to put anyone who has their attention on you in a trance, you can subtly influence them in their trance or take other advantages, and being harmed snaps them out of their trance. Cannot be used on especially strong willed people or people stronger than you.
820. Suggestion,3.9
#Allows you to send a mental suggestion to your target to subtly make them do what you want them to do by making them perceive it as their idea to manipulate them or condition them.
821. Hypnosis,3.8
#Allows you to hypnotize people and influence or change their minds either subtly or directly, to hypnotize someone you have to get them off guard. The higher the target's willpower the more they can resist.
822. King of the Castle,5.8
#Allows you to erect a castle around yourself with your energy/mana by transmuting the ground, the shape and form of the castle is decided by your mental state when erecting it. You can also create soldiers and beasts out of the ground you built your castle out of. You can also change the shape of your castle at will, creating medieval cannons, ballistas, or even guns. The constructs in the castle stop being animated if you leave the castle. 
823. Memory Reading,3.8
#Allows you the read the memories of a target who cannot or won't resist your influence, to read their memories you have to place the palm of your hand on their forehead. The stronger their will to resist you the harder it is to read.
824. Graviton Tyrant,6.5
#Allows you to manipulate gravity on a massive scale with immense power but grants you little control and precision over it. You can change the direction and intensity of gravity at will but your minimum area of effect is 100 meters and the minimum intensity is 50x gravity. Even as a basic human you can rip out entire city blocks and send them to space, with training you can throw around cities but even with great training you won't be able to move a car without crushing it like an empty can.
825. Fast Travel,3.6
#Allows you to skip the travel part of traveling, allowing you to travel back to anywhere you have been to as long as you aren't in any danger at the moment, the longer the distance the more energy/mana this ability costs.
826. Gaster Blaster,4.0
#Undertale - Allows you to conjure floating dragon skull like projections capable of unleashing blasts of condensed energy in the form of lasers or use their jaws to bite down on enemies. You can also use them as transportation by riding the floating skull or as a defense by summoning one in front of you to take the blow.
827. Kingdom Soul,7.7
#Your soul is its own sovereign kingdom, you can take the souls of the people you have killed or any wayward souls you have encountered into your soul and add them to your kingdom. For spirit like entities, inside of you is like a vast kingdom that you can shape at your will, acting as an afterlife of its own. You can control the souls inside of your kingdom to either turn them into physical soldiers with your mana, sacrifice them to increase your power, recover your energy, or simply let them exist in your kingdom.
828. Pixie Power,2.7
#Allows you to transform into a pixie, a small lesser fairy, at will. As a pixie, you gain increased energy/mana reserves and agility as well as flight in exchange for your reduced endurance and strength. 
829. Ajin Form,6.8
#Ajin - You are an Ajin, a race of creatures that resembles humans with the exception of their complete biological immortality, whenever you die as an Ajin, your body is completely healed to its peak by Invisible Black Matter that reconstructs it after you die from the biggest piece of flesh you have left, this does not consume energy/mana to activate. You can also summon shadows made of Invisible Black Matter under your command to either fight, defend, or scout for you as they can follow your orders and intentions.
830. Measure King,1.3
#Measure once, cut twice. Allows you to know the exact dimensions and measurements of anything you come across just by taking a look at them.
832. Normal World,7.1
#Normality Field allows you to erect a field with yourself in the middle, in this field, no one can invoke any supernatural effect with the exception of you removing the field. Even the greatest mage or god will be left with just their physical body to fend for themselves.
833. Nice Guy,7.2
#Worm - People are incapable of perceiving you as a threat, even if you were to harm them they are incapable of forming thoughts or actions that relate to you being a danger or threat to them, essentially making you immune to all hostility. Does not work on people with mental abilities far beyond your level or beings of the divine level of strength above yours.
834. Imp,6.2
#Worm - People are incapable of perceiving you or acknowledging you exist, the moment someone tries to, you are wiped from their mind as long as your ability is active, this extends to even recordings, you are effectively invisible to all forms of perception but people are still capable of deducing your existence and take countermeasures even if they cannot remember you.
835. Majin Physique,7.6
#Dragon Ball - You are kin to Majin Buu, your body is compromised of amorphous pink blob like flesh with no bones or organs, you can freely morph your body and you are immortal and possess super regeneration as long a part of your body larger than a walnut remains and you have energy left. In addition, you possess greatly enhanced physical stats and the ability to absorb other people to gain a portion of their strength.
836. Disaster Nature,7.3
#JJK Hanami - Allows you to control and create plants of your own energy as well as plant related abilities equal to that of Hanami. Such as cursed buds that drain energy/mana, creating roots to bind, or you can draw energy/mana from existing nature to charge your own energy/mana.
837.Shark Physique,2.8
#You are able to turn into a shark or a shark hybrid at will. As a shark, you have enhanced physical stats that are further boosted underwater. You also possess incredibly sharp razor teeth and bite force enough to tear apart metal with ease. In shark form, you also have increased water affinity. As well as any other abilities the average Shark would otherwise possess.
838.Octopus Physique,3.2
#You are able to transform into an octopus or an octopus hybrid at will. As an octopus, you possess enhanced physical stats that are further boosted underwater. In addition, you can independently control any part of your without thought. You can also regenerate your own limbs and organs, albeit slowly. As well as any other abilities the average octopus would otherwise possess.
839.Minotaur,4.7
#You are able to transform into a minotaur, or partially into one. As the minotaur, the beast of the labyrinth you have massively enhanced strength, stamina, and durability in exchange for losing your inhibitions. You also possess formidable regeneration. With training, you might be able to retain your control over this form better.
840.Outgun,2.4
#This ability allows the user to transmute any material they are touching into any gun they are aware of as well as bullets. The power of the gun scales to the power of the material used.
841.Capture Token,4.5
#You are able to capture anything you have defeated inside of capture tokens, which are 5x5 rooms they cannot exit out of nor use their abilities in. You can instantly capture someone instead of killing them with this ability in an active spot. The target must not be able to resist. You can also transport people with tokens.
844.Crystalline,4.6
#Allows you to create and control gem-like crystals that you can conjure by expending your energy. The more energy you expend the more durable the crystals are. You can also exert telekinetic control over your crystals and spread them over surfaces you are touching.
845.Crystal Caesar,5.2
#You are able to create and control gem-like crystal constructs that you conjure by expending your energy. You have fine control over your crystals, being able to control them even in the form of powder, in addition, you can create simple crystal golems that can act semi-autonomously but turn to dust when you disable your ability, having crystal soldiers active slightly drains energy.
846.Weaver,3.0
#You are able to conjure threads made of energy under your control. The power of the threads and their numbers depend on the amount of energy you expend. You can control each thread like a limb but you lose control of it the moment they leave your body after which they dissipate.
847.Kirin Phsyique,4.9
#Monster Hunter - You are able to transform into a Kirin or a Kirin Hybrid at will. As a Kirin you possess enhanced physical stats and speed as well as increased lightning affinity. While in Kirin form or Hybrid you possess the ability to summon down powerful bolts of lightning from the sky.
848.Remember Me?,4.1
#No, they don't. While Remember Me is active, everyone who knows you temporarily forget about you and nobody you encounter can remember or recall your exact features. 
849.Sprout,1.2
#You are able to communicate with and control plants in your range to a minor degree. You can order plants to start growing faster, and imbue them with your energy to make them grow even faster. You can also change their general shape slightly.
850.Sapling,2.1
#You are able to create, communicate with and control plants in your range. You can make grass grow on fertile dirt, make roots dig through concrete, ripen plants, change their shape slightly, make trees grow fast enough to create natural barriers and harvest the bounty of nature. 
851.Bloom,3.7
#You are a chlorokinetic, allowing you to create, communicate with and control plants in your sensory range. You can make branches crawl out of the ground and snare your enemies, make trees break through the concrete, create and grow plant life on fertile soil, manipulate vines as whips, or simply grow an apple tree to get a ripe apple. 
852.Verdance,4.7
#You have formidable chlorokinetic abilities. Allowing you to create, communicate with and control plants in your sensory range. You are able to create plants out of the soil and boost any existing plant to supernatural levels, making wood harder than steel, bring down leaves sharper than razors, impale people with roots that erupt from the ground, or simply grow a berry bush for a quick snack. But you need a plant in your range or grow one to use your abilities on them.
853.Overgrowth,5.6
#You are a powerful chlorokinetic. Being able to create, reinforce, communicate with and control all plant life in your sensory range. You can take a withering sapling in your range and turn it into a house-sized tree, make roots erupt from the ground and swallow your foes, grow a forest from the dirt beneath your feet, you can grab a branch and reinforce it enough to cut a block of titanium in half, as long as you have enough energy of course. But you need a plant in your range or grow one to use your abilities on them.
854.Flora,6.4
#You are the master of plants. Being able to create, reinforce, communicate with and control all plant life in your sensory range. You can make a forest erupt from beneath your feet, create trees with wood stronger than metal, launch a handful of seeds and make them explode into vibrant plantlife, make the forest come to life, combine trees into a giant treant golem, as long as plants can do it, so can you, provided you have the energy required.
855.Gaia,7.3
#You are one with Mother Nature. Being able to create, reinforce, communicate with and control all plant life. You can make titanic verdant jungles erupt beneath your feet and swallow the world. Overrun armies with swathes of treants. Spear through titans with a spear of roots combined to over a kilometre in length. If you can do it with plants, you can do it, as long as you have enough energy only plants are the limit.  
856.Spiritual Interaction,2.3
#You are able to interact with the spiritual world and so are your abilities. Your perception extends down to the level of souls and spirits as well. 
857.Bow and Arrow,2.4
#You are able to conjure a bow and arrow made of energy in your hands to shoot down enemies and targets. The more energy you put into the arrow, the stronger it is.
858.Sharpshooter,3.4
#You are able to conjure a bow and arrow made of energy in your hands to shoot down enemies and targets, while aiming with the bow your shooting mastery is increased and your senses are sharpened. The more energy you put into the arrow, the stronger it is. You can also change the shape and size of your arrow.
859.Oddyseus Draw,4.6
#You are able to conjure a great bow and arrow made of energy in your hands to shoot down enemies and targets, while aiming with the bow your shooting mastery is increased and your senses are sharpened. Your arrow is strong enough to tear through most metals with ease and it will get stronger the more energy you imbue into it. You can also choose to alter the shape and size of your arrow.
860.Hou Yi's Bow,5.4
#You are able to conjure an imitation of the bow of the archer who shot down the sun using your energy and release arrows of destructive power by channelling your power through it, while aiming with the bow your shooting mastery is increased and your senses are sharpened. The arrows you unleash are stronger the more energy you imbue into them. You can also choose to alter the shape and size of your arrow.
861.Artemis' Might,6.1
#You are able to conjure a bow made of energy that channels the blessing of Artemis herself and unleashes powerful arrows that can pierce the toughest enemies. While aiming with the bow you are blessed by Artemis, increasing your shooting mastery and sharpening your senses while guiding your arrow. The arrows you unleash are stronger the more energy you imbue into them. You can also choose to alter the shape and size of your arrow.
862.Bountiful Harvest,1.7
#You are able to create ripe and tasty fruits and vegetables by expending your own energy. 
863.Orchard,3.8
#You are able to create fruits and vegetables out of your own energy. The fruit and vegetables you create are extremely refreshing and can have unique properties depending on your abilities.
864.Bone Baron,4.8
#You are able to create and control bones at will, being able to make them erupt from surfaces in your line of sight and summoning skeleton soldiers that can act semi-autonomously under your control. The soldiers are dispelled when the ability gets cancelled or switched out. The more soldiers you have the higher your energy drain.
865.Summon Item,1.4
#You are able to mark up to 10 items weighing less than your lifting strength that you can summon to your location at will and send back to where you last summoned them from.
866.Silk Weaver,3.5
#You are able to produce and control silk that you produce from your body, you can use it to grapple around, restrain targets, fasten objects etc. The durability of the silk and the amount you can produce scales with your physical stats. 
867. Space Ripper Stingy Eyes,3.5
#JoJo - No, you cannot change the name. Allows you to shoot out pressurized energy from your eyes that can cut steel and stone like it's made of foam even at base human level.
868. Slip In,2.9
#You were always a slippery one, you can pass your body through any opening wider than 5 centimeters in length. 
867. Superhuman,2.5
#You are superhuman, or whatever race you are. Even as a base human, you are able to lift cars overhead, punch through metal, survive small caliber bullets, and run as fast as a tiger, all of these enhancements scale with your base stats.
868. Superhuman,3.5
#You are superhuman, or whatever race you are. Even as a base human you are able to lift trucks and are unharmed by small caliber bullets. Basically, you are about as strong as Captain America is. All of these enhancements scale with your base stats.
868. Bulk Up,2.6
#You are able to bulk up, reinforcing and strengthening all of your muscles to superhuman levels, allowing you to exert superhuman strength. Even as a base human you can easily tear apart and throw around cars. Overuse can lead to extreme soreness and muscle tears.
869. Iron Skin,2.4
#You are able to reinforce your skin and body to the level where it resembles metal more than flesh and increases your mass, giving you superhuman durability. Even as a base human, baseball bats would break on impact, small caliber bullets are ineffective. Even a car crash, while it would hurt, you can walk away. But maintaining iron skin can make you slower to move. 
870. Aura,5.9
#RWBY - Your body is covered by a barrier released by your soul, this barrier enhances your physical capabilities and acts as invisible armor against all attacks, as long as your aura is active you are able to survive at least one hit before it breaks.
871. Alexandria,7.5
#Worm - You have super strength, high speed flight, enhanced mental abilities, and most of all, a time locked body. In addition to your superhuman abilities allowing you to lift millions of tons easily in base your body is completely time locked, making you invulnerable to all non spacetime-based abilities. But you are still vulnerable to suffocation.
872. Super,4.4
#Probably the most median powerset in existence. You have super speed, super strength, super durability, and flight. If you are in a superhero world you already probably saw at least 60 of these guys going around. You don't excel in any of those qualities but you are better than average in all aspects.
874. Stone Skin,1.8
#Allows you to cover your skin in a stone like texture that enhances your durability and increases your mass.
875. Overheat,3.7
#You burn through your energy in exchange for greatly increasing your attack power and speed while increasing the potency of fire based abilities but lowering your defensive abilities and recovery. The more energy you burn and the longer you burn the hotter your body will get and the stronger you will get until your organs and brain start melting that is.
876. Frozen Soul,4.1
#Your soul is frozen. Your internals get colder and colder and your emotions get duller as you gain enhanced defensive ability and your cryokinetic abilities get more potent but your speed and offensive abilities suffer a decrease. The colder your inside gets the more durable you get and the colder your energy becomes until your insides get completely frozen over.
877. Transhuman,5.7
#(Tech)You can transform your body into technology at will, replace the muscle strands with advanced carbon nanofiber, arms with weaponized prosthetics, and eyes with scanners, as long as you know how the technology works you can convert your body into it. With training, you can even ignore the discrepancy of mass.
878. Invulnerable,9.8 
#You are invulnerable, simple as that. As long as you do not want to get damaged there is nothing below reality manipulation that can hurt you, even if they were to collapse the entire multiverse on you, you would come out without a scratch.
879. Immortal,9.7 
#You are immortal, and there are no buts. If you are killed reality will somehow bring you back, even if every atom in your body is annihilated, your soul vanished, and every trace of you erased, reality itself will bring you back moments after in perfect condition, in addition you heal from wounds fast enough that even if you were reduced to a sing cell while taking a step, you would have reformed by the time your foot met the ground. Even the blind idiot would find it difficult to end you. Not only that, every moment you meet your demise, some of the unknowable seeps into you, increasing all of your stats.
880. Exclusion,9.7
#You don't want to be a part of this so you won't be, at any time you can exclude yourself from anything, whether that's severing yourself from the flow of time and space, excluding yourself from physics, excluding yourself from harm, excluding yourself from targeting, excluding yourself from all perception. As long as something can interact with you, you can make it not do that.
881. All Fiction,9.9
#Medaka Box - You can gaslight reality and deny the existence of anything, even deny something not existing and it will listen. Reality is basically clay under your fingers.
882. Desperation,3.3
#Your physical stats are augmented by the amount of danger you are in at any given moment, if you aren't in danger it will give you nothing, if you are in mild danger it will give you a common rank boost in all stats, if you are in danger the rarity will be raised to uncommon, if you are in severe danger it will be raised to rare, if you are in danger of dying at any moment it will be raised to Elite and if you are facing certain death it will be raised to Epic. This ability does not cost energy.
883. Masochistic Soul,3.8
#"Hurt me more~" The more negative effects you are under the faster you regenerate energy and health, curses, poisons, illnesses, bleeding, they just fuel you.
884. Sadism,4.6
#"You are enjoying this far too much" Whenever you inflict damage on someone you recover a portion of the energy you spent to use the attack proportional to the amount of damage you dealt but at the same time, if you fail to inflict damage with an attack, the cost of it doubled. 
885. Level Up!,4.7
#Whenever you kill something, you absorb 10% of their stats and permanently add it to your own, such a simple ability with promises of so much power.
886. Ogre Form,3.9
#You can turn into an Ogre, A hulking humanoid with rippling muscles, or an Ogre hybrid at will. As an Ogre, you have increased physical stats and regeneration as well as any other characteristics the average Ogre would possess.
887. Bear Form,3.7
#You can turn into a Bear or a Bear hybrid at will. As a bear, you gain enhanced physical stats, fangs, claws, and a thick hide providing you enhanced defensive capabilities as well as any other characteristics the average Bear would possess.
888. Threshold Clause,5.8 
#"Who said you could oneshot me? That wasn't in my contract.", regardless of how strong your opponent is or strong the attack is, you cannot suffer more than 25% of your total health in the span of 5 seconds.
889. Bloody Survival,5.6
#"Invincibility at what cost?" You can sacrifice 33% of your health to turn yourself completely invincible for 10 seconds, this 33% cannot be regenerated or healed but instead recovers over the span of 1 hour.
890. Cat Form,2.3
#You are able to turn into a cat or a cat hybrid at will. Gaining enhanced agility, senses, reflexes, claws, and sharp teeth as well as any other characteristics the average Cat would possess.
891. Bat Form,2.4
#"Vampirism was too expensive" You are able to turn into a bat or a bat hybrid at will. Gaining enhanced agility, senses, sonar, flight, claws, and sharp teeth as well as any other characteristics the average Bat would possess.
892. Wolf Form,2.8
#"Lycantrophy was too expensive" You are able to turn into a wolf or a wolf hybrid at will. Gaining enhanced stats, claws, fangs, night vision, and enhanced senses as well as any other characteristics the average Wolf would possess.
893. Idle Transfiguration,7.3 
#JJK - You are able to able to shape and alter souls by touching targets with souls, and by shaping their souls you can also shape and alter their bodies by proxy. The stronger a target is in relation to you the more effort you have to exert to shape their soul. You can also freely shape your own soul to shapeshift, but the more mass you add or decrease, the less energy energy output you have.
894. Fist Projection,3.7
#Allows you to launch projections of your fist by punching, the more energy you use the stronger and larger the launched projection, you can use this close range to amplify the power of your physical attacks or launch projections to take enemies down from afar while still using your physical strength. The base power of the projections is equal to your physical strength.  
895. Combo,3.5
#Every time you connect a physical hit within a 3-second time frame, your next hit is 10% stronger, as long you hit your opponent at least once every 3 seconds you will maintain the combo and the multiplier will keep increasing like 10%, 20%, 30%... if you cannot land an attack in 3 seconds the combo is reset. The maximum multiplier for the combo is 999%.
896. Overdraw,5.9
#Allows you to slot in abilities even if you have filled up your ability slots, but for every extra ability you put in, your energy/mana consumption is doubled, with 1 it's 2x, 2 it's 4x, 3 it's 8x, etc.
897. Mystic Eyes of Flaw Perception,6.2
#{Mystic Eyes} When MEFP is activated, you are able to deduce and see the weaknesses in objects and creatures highlighted in red. A weak spot in armor, an Achilles heel, a structural flaw, you can see it all. With training, you can even understand the flaws and you can access break points, by destroying a break point you can deal severe damage to creatures, collapse entire buildings, and hitting the small break points in spells dispel them.
898. Enhanced Senses,4.1
#You are able to freely enhance all 5 of your senses with energy, enhance your sigh to the point where you can see country to country, smell to the point where you can track people from scent marks left months ago, hearing to the point where you can hear a pin drop a city away, etc. as long as you have enough energy.
899. Sixth Sense,4.6
#Allows you to sense intent directed at you like hostility, malintent, or killer intent. You can accurately tell where it is coming from too but trained killers may be harder to tell apart due to their training.
900. Dangersense,3.8
#Allows you to accurately sense danger like a sense, the bigger the danger that is posed towards you the stronger the sensation.
901. Bungee Gum,3.7
#HxH - Allows you to conjure Bungee Gum, a substance with the properties of both rubber and gum, and manipulate it at will.
902. Material Absorption,4.8
#Ben 10/Marvel - Allows you to absorb the properties of a material you touching to to either cover your body in it or turn your body into it and gain its properties. You can absorb steel and turn your body into pure steel, making you more resilient and able to conduct electricity, or uranium to make yourself radioactive, the glass would make you brittle, etc. This also extends to esoteric materials like vibranium and adamantite. 
903. Greater Material Absorption,5.9
#Ben 10/Marvel - Allows you to absorb the properties of a material you touching to to either cover your body in it or turn your body into it and gain its properties. You can absorb steel and turn your body into pure steel, making you more resilient and able to conduct electricity, or uranium to make yourself radioactive, glass would make you brittle, etc. This also extends to esoteric materials like vibranium and Adamantite. In addition, you can shape your body, such as turning your arms into weapons or even creating more of the material you absorbed by expending energy/mana.
904. Galvanic Mechamorph Form,5.7
#(Tech)Ben 10 - Allows you to transform into a Galvanic Mechamorph at will, as a Galvanic Mechamorph you are able to freely fuse with and upgrade technology in proportion to your power level.
905. Greater Throw,3.6
#Allows you to imbue additional speed into any object you throw proportional to the amount of energy/mana you expend. You can throw a rock and launch it at Mach speeds with enough energy. 
906. Launch,4.8
#Allows you to imbue kinetic energy to launch objects you are touching, the speed of the object is determined by how much energy/mana you expend, with enough energy you can send a car flying at a hundred times the speed of sound. The larger the mass of the object, the more energy it takes to launch it. Living beings are able to resist being launched.
907. Reflection,5.7
#Allows you to create invisible forcefields that reflect Kinetic energy, if an enemy were to punch a forcefield their punch would be reflected back at their fist with double the strength, these forcefields have upper limits to what they can deflect equal to your power. Keeping forcefields active costs energy/mana and so does reflecting an attack. With training, you can create larger fields and change their shapes.
908. Blademaster,3.9
#Unordinary - Allows you to create a variety of blades made of energy, ranging from throwing knives, katanas, sabers, large greatswords, etc. while also providing a minor strength boost.
909. Spear of Justice,4.8
#Undertale - Allows you to summon spears made of energy that you can telekinetically control and conjure from any solid surface.
910. Ripper Mode,4.0
#Metal Gear - "Let er' rip!" Allows you to unleash all of your rage and repressed killing intent. When activated, you will enter a battle trance like state, massively increasing your perception to the point where the world looks slowed down and unlocks your latent power, allowing you to unleash 100% of your power regardless of the damage it does to your body. Overuse may cause damage to your body and it consumes energy to remain active.
911. Atomic Manipulation,8.9
#Allows you to manipulate atoms with great precision, allowing you to fundamentally change matter and control the elements. With training, you could change all of the atoms in someone's body to transform into a shoe by snapping your fingers or creating improbable matters far more powerful than regular matter through careful atomic configuration. This ability requires extreme amounts of training to use effectively.
912. Time Stop,8.3
#Allows you to stop time at will, bringing all of reality to a standstill. Beings far beyond your caliber can escape your stilling of the flow of time. Stopping time consumes a lot of energy to remain active.
913. Time Calibration,7.3
#You can control how time interacts with your body, slowing down the world around you, speeding yourself up, speeding up only your perception, slowing the time of a wound to prevent it from getting worse, slowing down objects coming into contact with your body, etc. the larger the scale of calibration, the higher the energy cost.
914. Space Manipulation,8.8
#Allows you to manipulate space at will, move things with telekinesis, create inviolable objects, tear space and everything inside of it in half, teleport, create pocket dimensions, distort and warp objects and with enough training even invade other worlds. 
915. Adventure Awaits!,6.8
#"Huzzah!" Allows you to temporarily leave your current world and be sent to a random world with a mission, you can leave the other world once you have completed your mission and you can also travel to that world and back with spatial transportation abilities or vehicles. Cooldown: 1 Month(In you current world excluding the mission)
916. Time Manipulation,9.3
#Allows you to manipulate time freely, rewind, fast forward, travel, and stop. As long as you have the energy, you have the time.
917. Luck Manipulation,9.7
#Allows you to manipulate the luck values of targets. Increase and decrease the luck of any target as long as you have enough energy.
918. Wrath,8.8
#You are wrath itself, the angrier you are and the bigger the conflict you are in, the stronger you get. Without limits, even as a regular human, given time and anger issues you can escalate yourself to end the entire universe, but the higher you escalate the more you lose your sense of reason, and after you go over a certain point you lose it completely and keep escalating like a mindless beast until you die or the universe is extinguished.
919. Sage,4.6
#Slime Tensei - Allows the user to massively boost their thought speed, comprehension, and reasoning skills to a level beyond that of a computer. 
920. Great Sage,7.5
#Slime Tensei - Allows you to comprehend the world around you in a way incomparable to before. You can freely accelerate your thoughts, instantly perform detailed analysis of objects, and gather detailed information about a target as long as you have a basic understanding of it. Great Sage can perform all of these automatically and independently of the user as well as help them utilize their abilities.
921. Magic Dominion,8.1
#You are the true user of magic in this world. Allows you to dominate mana and all magic around yourself, making magic inert and unable to be cast, instantly learning any spell in your sensory range, being able to cast spells instantly and instinctively, and absorbing magical energy from people and the environment.
922. The Void,8.4
#You are the Void, you can suck in any kind of energy almost limitlessly. Mana, Energy, Stamina, Kinetic, Electricity, Telesma, Psionic etc. Even as a base human, you could detonate a hydrogen bomb next to your face and barely feel warm.
923. Nihil,8.5
#The Grand Nullifier. Allows you to dispel anything, motion in an area, all mana from an area, abilities of an individual, and their minds. Anything you can interact with, you can nullify. You can't dispel or nullify a lack of something.
924. Open Frenzy,5.5
#"Shed all worldly concerns and embrace slaughter." When open frenzy is activated you lose all inhibitions, pain turns into pleasure, and all of your stats get massively enhanced. But the amount of energy inside you will slowly tear apart your body as you fight and with the sense of limitless power, you might be inclined to not turn the power off.
925. Karmic Enforcement,6.6
#"Tit for Tat" Allows you to enforce Karma.
926. Fire Dragon Slayer,6.9
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a fire dragon. Allowing them to generate fire from their body that they can control and even devour flames. They also have great control over their flames, being able to alter their properties such as making them blunt or sharp. They are also immune to all fire below their level and can eat flames to recover their vitality and energy. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own flames.
927. Water Dragon Slayer,6.5
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a water dragon. Allowing them to generate, control and even devour water. They also have great control over water, being able to alter its properties such as making it blunt or sharp. They are also immune to all water-based attacks below their level and can drink water to recover their vitality and energy, but depending on the pollution of the water it can harm them instead. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own water.
928.Sky Dragon Slayer,7.3
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a sky dragon. Allowing them to generate, control and even devour wind. They also have great control over their winds, being able to alter their properties such as making them blunt or sharp. They are also immune to all wind-based attacks below their level and can breathe in air to recover their vitality and energy, but if the air is polluted it will instead harm them. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own wind attacks instead. They can also use their winds to heal people.
935. Poison Dragon Slayer,6.7
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a poison dragon. Allowing them to generate, control and even devour potent poison They also have great control over poison, being able to alter its properties such as making it corrosive, sickening, boiling etc. They are also immune to all poison below their level and can even consume to recover their vitality and energy. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own poison.
930. Lightning Dragon Slayer,6,8
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a lightning dragon. Allowing them to generate lightning from their body that they can control and even devour lightning. They also have great control over their lightning, being able to alter their properties such as making them blunt or sharp. They are also immune to all lightning below their level and can eat lightning to recover their vitality and energy. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own lightning.
931. Shadow Dragon Slayer,6.7
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a dark dragon. Allowing them to generate shadows from their body that they can control and even turn into a shadow and merge with them. They also have great control over their shadows and darkness, being able to alter their properties such as making them blunt or sharp. They are also immune to all dark attributes below their level and can eat shadows to recover their vitality and energy. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own shadows.
932. White Dragon Slayer,6.6
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a white dragon. Allowing them to generate and control Holy Light from their body. They also have great control over their Holy Light, being able to alter their properties such as making them blunt or sharp. They are also immune to all Light and Holy attributes below their level and can eat light energy and holy objects to recover their vitality and energy. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their own light.
933. Earth Dragon Slayer,6.7
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of an earth dragon. Allowing them to generate, control and even devour Earth. They also have great control over Earth, being able to alter its properties such as making it denser, tougher and heavier. They are also immune to all earth-based attacks below their level and can devour earth and rocks to recover their vitality and energy, the amount recovered is dependent on the quality of the rock. By consuming other sources of magic they can temporarily incorporate it into their earth.
934. Spirit Dragon Slayer,6.6
#Fairy Tail - Allows the user to transform into and wield the powers of a spirit dragon. Allowing them to emit spiritual energy from their body that they can control and even persist as a spirit form after death. They also have great control over their soul and the constructs they generate, being able to alter their properties such as making them blunt or sharp. They can devour souls to become stronger and rejuvenate themselves. They can also freely shift into a spirit form and possess people.
935. Muscular,4.2
#MHA - You can freely increase the density and mass of muscle fibres in your body, massively increasing your explosive power and durability. If you increase the fibres more than they can fit in your skin, they will cover the outside of your body, wrapping around you like a second set of muscles. The more muscle fibres you have the faster you will burn through your stamina.
936. Rejuvenation,3.6
#You are able to rejuvenate targets and yourself, restoring their virility and health, while it doesn't heal them from injuries it does cure illnesses and ailments. In addition, it can make the sands of time retreat, you can give an old person their youth, or someone who sacrificed their lifespan get it back, you can use this on rotten or ill vegetation. The stronger a target is, the more energy you have to expend.
937. Rise Again,5.5
#Nothing is going to keep you down. As long as this ability is in your active slot, at the moment of your death, this ability activates and you revive 10 seconds later with your health and energy restored to 50%. 7 Day cooldown.
938. Tinker - The Baker,9.9
#(Tech)Cookie Clicker - You are capable of building the technology of the THE BAKERY. With enough time and resources, you can make assembly lines that compress universes into little balls to play bowling with and then turn every atom inside of them into cookies to get shipped to the rest of the multiverse when you are tired of them.
939. Militia,5.2
#Worm - You can summon a projection of any mundane weapon in your hands. As long as the weapon is not tinkertech or beyond the level of the technology of your current world you can summon it. You can also control the ammunition, such as summoning a beanbag shotgun, a nuclear bomb launcher, an automatic rifle, a sword, a crossbow etc. 
940. Light Step,3.2
#You can step and walk on anything, water, air, space, you can even treat nothing as a solid surface to walk on.
941. Perfection,3.0
#Your abilities are proportionally increased depending on how strong you are, at 100% health all of your stats are increased by +100%, at 90% they are increased by +90% etc.
942. No Guard,3.8
#"Offence is the best defence" All of your physical stats except durability is increased proportionally to how much you lower your defence. You can drop your durability all the way down to -500% to get your strength up to  +500%.
943. Battle Growth,5.3
#You an eternal engine for battle, you grow in power every time you fight.The harder a battle is, the stronger and faster you grow in the middle of it, allowing you to adapt and surpass your opponent. This growth is permanent. 
944. Blood Portals,3.6
#Allows you to create portals by sacrificing your own health, creating a two-way portal costs 10% of your maximum health. As long these portals remain open, you lose access to 10% of your maximum health that cannot heal as long as the portal remains open.
945. Shadowverse,6.6
#Invincible - Allows you to access the shadow-verse by sinking into shadows. Inside the Shadow-verse you can jump from shadow to shadow, bring people in and trap them with the monsters inside, or just bring monsters outside.
946. Bloody Escalation,6.7
#"Power for Pain" For every 1% of health you lose with Blood Escalation active, all of your stats increase by 1%, as soon as you leave combat this increase resets.
947.D4C,8.8
#JoJo - Allows you to open doors to parallel worlds, by trapping yourself between two objects you can travel the infinite parallel world. You can also pull people out of parallel worlds and into your own, including yourself who is fully aware you are the original and has no qualms with it. If you ever die, all of your abilities and the gacha are transferred to a random you across the multiverse.
948.Obito's Mangekyo Sharingan Left ,6.0
#Naruto - You possess the Left eye of Obito Uchiha, granting you access to half of the Kamui technique and all the benefits of the Sharingan such as incredible visual prowess and instant memorization. With the left eye, you get access to a short version of the Kamui at any time, granting you access to an endless pocket dimension in your Left eye. You can transport yourself into the Kamui to move across the real world by moving through it and leaving in a different location. You can also semi-transport yourself into the Kamui to render yourself intangible at the cost of stamina. Lastly, you can also send objects you are touching into the Kamui realm.
949.Obito's Mangekyo Sharingan Right,5.8
#Naruto - You possess the Left eye of Obito Uchiha, granting you access to half of the Kamui technique and all the benefits of the Sharingan such as incredible visual prowess and instant memorization. With the right eye, you get access to the long-ranged version of the Kamui granting you access to an endless pocket dimension in your Left eye. Also allowing you to create ranged barrier spaces that you can use to suck objects and people into the Kamui, or you can essentially shut the door on them halfway into the dimension to kill them. You can also create this barrier around yourself in practice to access the dimension. The larger the barrier you create, the more energy it consumes.
950.Obito's Mangekyo Sharingan,7.0
#Naruto - You possess the Eternal Mangekyo Sharingan of Obito Uchiha in addition to all of the benefits of the regular Sharingan you have full access to the Kamui technique. Granting you access to an endless pocket dimension called the Kamuki. With it, you can create barriers that pull people into your dimension, freely teleport inside it, teleport by leaving it in a different location, use it to become temporarily intangible, and even open portals in space and breach other dimensions with your own ability.
951.Physical Therapy,4.1
#Allows you to convert the physical force you exert into positive energy, allowing you to heal people by hitting them with your body. The larger amounts of strength you exert the higher the healing. Punch them in the gut, full force to bring them from near death to full health.
952.Tiamat,6.8
#"Mother of All Dragons" You are able to transform yourself and any other biological structure you are touching into a dragon as well as spawn temporary dragon projections from your own body. The power and shape of the dragon depends on your own skill and the amount of energy you expend, the more you violate the conservation of mass, the more energy this ability costs. Sentient beings can resist conversion depending on how strong they are.
953.Hands of Time,5.5
#You are able to reverse or accelerate the time of an object, withering a tree or turning it into a sapling with just a touch. The stronger a target is, the slower their time is altered.
954.Shadows of Time,5.3
#Your shadow is a temporal anomaly, being able to stretch and move independently and even manifest outside of a 2d space to physically interact and attack things. Moreover, whatever your shadow touches gets their time altered, either quickly ageing or getting younger. The stronger a target is, the slower their time is altered.
955.Bloody Lust,6.6
#"You are enjoying this far too much" Your lust for violence is insatiable, whenever you are hurt you recover your energy proportional to how much you got hurt by. At the same time, you also recover your health proportionally to how damage you deal to a target. You an eternal engine of battle.
956.Infernal Engine,4.6
#Your heart is an Infernal Engine, when activated your regeneration speeds increase and you gain the ability to wield Hellflames. But when using the Infernal Engine, your body starts heating up, and the longer you use it the more it heats up. The hotter your body the more effective the Infernal Engine is, but be wary of going over the edge and burning yourself with your own Hellflames. 
957.Blacklight,7.0
#Your body is entirely made up of the Blacklight Virus, allowing you to freely shapeshift down to the cellular level, you can also absorb any biological matter to get stronger and analyse its composition and replicate it, and consuming brains grants you access to all memories the target had.
958.Rule Breaker,6.4
#The rules don't matter to you anymore. You can expend energy to remove rules that apply to you or a target you are touching, remove gravity affecting you, magic affecting a target, remove being able to be targeted by magic etc. The more vague and more impactful a rule you remove the more energy you expend, a rule broken will slowly restore itself but its effects won't.
958.Creation,6.2
#You can create objects and matter through your magical energy as long you remember how to make them, this can range from creating a phone, creating a bar of gold, or even creating a magical sword provided you know how to make one. The higher the mass and the more magical an object you create, the more energy you need to expend.
959.Diamond Draw,5.5
#Allows you to temporarily summon an item from the Diamond Item Gacha that lasts for 1 hour before disappearing(You roll the gacha). The item given is random as the user is given a temporary ticket to roll. This ability starts its 8-hour cooldown the moment it is used. If the item pulled is an elixir, the effects of the Elixir are made temporary. 2 hour cooldown.
960.Chainsaw Man,6.8
#Chainsaw Man - You are the Chainsaw Hybrid, by pulling on the ripcord on your chest you can turn into your hybrid form, replacing your head with that of a chainsaw and sprouting additional chainsaws on your arms, and even your legs if you choose to. While in Chainsaw Man Form you have enhanced physical stats and extreme regeneration fueled by blood. You are also immortal in your hybrid state, as long as your heart remains, pulling your ripcord will revive you.
961.Bang!,4.6
#Chainsaw Man - Simply point your index finger toward and say "Bang!" to unleash an immense telekinetic force that tears apart anything in your way.
962. Spatial Displacement,5.1
#You can freely teleport in a 50-meter range around yourself and have complete spatial awareness of it. You can teleport inside of that range instantly but the more you teleport in a row the more vertigo you will experience.
963.Warp Drive,5.0
#You can warp space around yourself to move at absurd speeds. When you warp space around yourself you can accelerate yourself more and faster than you would otherwise be able to, allowing you to reach extreme speeds but making it hard for you to make precise movements.
964.Form Change,5.5
#Allows you to freely change and augment your attributes in the form of forms you have access to, Offensive Form increases and decreases your defence for more Energy Output and Speed, Defensive Form increases your Defense and Resilience while decreasing your speed. Recovery Form decreases your strength to increase your regeneration and recovery. Speed Form increases your speed drastically while sacrificing your attack and defence. The user can also create their own forms.
965.Murder Swarm,3.6
#Allows you to transform into a murder of 100 crows at will. You can perfectly control each crow and you are equally each crow, whenever a crow gets killed you take 1% damage, you can also partially turn into crows and use them to deliver messages, spy on people etc. You will return to 100 crows even if you lose 30 as long you recover all of your health.
966.Hero Time,3.8
#"Time to be a hero" For 10 minutes all parameters are greatly increased, all regenerations are massively amplified. 5 Day cooldown.
967. Limit Break,5.3
#"Time to go all out" Upon activating Limit Break, for 4 minutes and 11 seconds all parameters and energy regeneration are increased, in addition, your ability Slots are removed, allowing you to use all Abilities at once. This ability places immense strain on your body and can kill you. 7 Day cooldown.
968. Toolbelt,3.9
#While toolbelt you can summon any one item of rare rank or below into your hand and use it however you like, you can also discard the item to switch to another but only one toolbelt item can exist at a time. If you use a consumable you cannot use Toolbelt for the same amount as its Restock timer.
969.Restraints and Amplifications,3.0
#Novel's Extra - Allows you to put restraints on yourself to amplify your powers, you can sacrifice your sight to boost your hearing to daredevil levels, you can sacrifice an arm to make another arm much stronger. You can restrict other ability slots to make the others stronger. The amplifications are equal to the severity of the restraints you place on yourself.
970.Power Charge,3.5
#Allows you to charge your body with energy, adding increased power to your next move, charge your fist to release more energy with your punch or charge your legs to leap over buildings. The more energy you charge the stronger the result is.
971.One For All,6.4
#My Hero Academia - You inherit the collective power of 9 people accumulated over multiple generations. One For All gives you incomparable Physical Enhancement but using too much can break your body, in addition, you can awaken the abilities of its past users, these quirks being Gearshift, Blackwhip, Float, Smokescreen, Dangersense and Fa-Jin.
972.Door Crossing,2.8
#Re:Zero - Allows you to create indoor portals out the doors and entrances inside of a building. Allowing you to teleport yourself and others from door to door, allowing you to either quickly traverse the people or prevent others from leaving.
973.Kraft Works,4.8
#JoJo - Allows you to affix objects to other objects or locations, objects that are affixed are completely inviolable and immovable without spacetime interference. In addition, all kinetic energy applied to the object during the time it was affixed will be applied to it the moment it's released. The larger the mass and energy of an object you affix, the more energy you consume. Keeping objects affixed consumes energy.
974.Gate Creation,5.6
#Allows you to create semi-permanent gates that you can teleport through, to create a gate through a location you have to be either incredibly familiar with the location or have been to it. To set a gate you need to focus for 1 minute. You can have up to 10 gates that exist at a time, you can improve this limit as you get stronger.
975.Web Slinger,2.1
#Allows you to shoot sticky and durable ropes of spider webs from your body, these webs dissolve naturally after an hour.
976.Drake Form,3.2
#Allows you to take on the form of a firebreathing drake or a hybrid at will. As a lesser dragon, becoming a drake grants you increased physical abilities and the ability to fly as well as breathe fire. 
977. Klyntar Form,6.0
#Marvel - Allows you to transform into a Klyntar, a symbiotic amorphous symbiotic race with the ability to merge with biological matter and assume their characteristics. Bonding with or taking over a host allows you to share their powers as well as grant them your own power and physical abilities. But in this form you are incredibly vulnerable to loud noises and fire.
978.Psychometry,3.0
#Saiki K. - Allows you to read the history of an object by making physical contact with it and expending energy. The more energy you expend the more you can read about its history, giving you visions as to how it was made, what has happened to it or what it has seen, the more energy spent the more accurate the vision is.
979.Aqueduct,2.8
#You can merge with and move through water at extreme speeds, at least 10x your running speed. When dive into a body of water you merge with it, and are able to move through it freely, the water must be at least equal to your mass. If the body of water you are in is compromised you take considerable damage.
980.Marked,2.4
#Allows you to place marks on objects or creatures that you can monitor at any time, you are always aware of the location of the mark relative to you and the structural integrity of the bearer of the mark. You can have up to 10 marks at a time which increases as you get stronger.
981.Teleport,6.2
#You can teleport, and everything that entails. As long as you are properly aware of the location or its coordinates you can instantly teleport to it, teleportation is instant and scales slightly with distance, but even a beginner could skip countries. Overuse can cause vertigo.
982. Shut Down,5.0
#You are able to create a large zone around you that shuts off the functions of magical and sci-fi items. In this range, even the Excalibur is just a very durable sword. But if the item is too far above your level their power is simply drastically reduced.
983.Stone Free,4.0
#JoJo - Stone Free allows you to convert any part of your body into translucent string you can control and move at will. The strong has the exact same physical abilities as you and can be instinctively woven into complex patterns etc.
984.Petal Burst,3.4
#RWBY - Allows you to temporarily shift into the form of a mass of rose petals to move at superspeeds for a short duration, in rose form you are more resistant toward physical attack and anything you are in contact with is also in this form, but the larger tge nass the higher the energy consumption. In addition, your control over your direction is lessened.
985. Grant,4.9
#You are able to grant people lesser versions of your abilities, when you grant someone an ability Elite rank or below it is dropped down by one rank. Epic and Legendary abilities are dropped by two ranks. Only one ability can be granted to one person at a time.
986. Man in the Mirror,4.8
#JoJo - You are able to go into any mirror as if it were a real portal and access the mirror dimension, a replica of the real world without anything living inside. The only way to enter and exit other than spacetime ability is you dragging people inside or outside. 
987.Metallurgy,4.7
#Metallurgy allows you to create metal at will and control it telekinetically. You are able to create any mundane metal you are aware of and you can telekinetically control the metals you have created, the stronger or more complex a metal is the more energy you need to expend to create it.
988.Metallurge,6.4
#You are able to conjure and control any metal you know the composition of, even if they are legendary metals like Uru, Adamantium or Vibranium. But the higher rank a metal is the more energy you need to expend to create it, and you cannot permanently create metals stronger than your rank.
989.Threshold,4.8
#While threshold is in an active ability slot you cannot take damage from anything below a certain level. As long as the ability wouldn't hurt you more than a light cut, you can ignore it completely. 
990.Building,2.5
#You are able to perform transmutation on a macro scale, while you cannot build complex constructs or small applications you could turn the ground into a proper building in less than an hour. This ability does not move particularly fast, so its combat applications are limited.
991.Compass,0.2
#You can conjure a mental compass that acts like a regular compass.
992.Prophetic Compass,3.5
#Allows you to conjure a phantasmal compass in your hands that points towards your target, as long as you are aware of the target you are looking for and have something related to it on your body, you can use the compass to track it down.
993.Tentacled Creature,3.3
#You are able to turn into a hentai tentacles creature or a manifest the tentacles of one at will. You are like a ball with numerous tentacles that can act as both regular limbs or reproductive organs.
994.Madness Wavelength,5.2
#You emit a wavelength from your body that alters the minds and perceptions of those it interacts with. You can drive an entire town to madness while passing by, you can also tweak the madness this ability exerts. 
994.Inner Gate,5.3
#Re:Zero - You have a gate inside of you that allows you to convert your energy to elemental mana that you can use to cast a variety of elemental magic depending on your aptitude.
995.Time Accel,4.0
#Fate - You are able to speed up the time of your own body by increments of 2x, 3x, 4x... the more you accelerate however the more strain is put on your body and mind.
996.Divine Blade,5.9
#Allows you to conjure a sword of Divine Light that you can alter the shape of. This blade is lightweight yet unbelievably sharp and durable. In addition, it burns anything it strikes with purifying holy flames but as long as the wielder wills it the blade cannot hurt even a fly even if swung at full power.
997. Soul Bet,3.0
#JoJo - Take some inspiration from the Fae. If you get people to wager their souls in a bet with you, you can claim your prize, extracting their souls from their bodies and granting you possession of it. To work the opponent must internally acknowledge their own defeat.
998.Martyr,3.9
#You are able to take the burdens of others onto yourself. Transferring their injuries, exhaustion, curses, sicknesses and any other ailment onto yourself by touching them.
999. Reroll,3.6
#"Lucky" When you roll this ability, whatever ticket you got it with is rolled twice and this ability is removed.
1000. Disillusioned,2.5
#You can see through any kind of deception and physical concealment. You can see right through a pitfall as it is a deception etc. 
1001. Piercing Eyes,2.1
#Your eyes can see far and see through objects, and you can adjust the level perfectly according to your needs.
1002.Dead Bone Pulse,4.9
#Naruto - A Kekkei Genkai that allows the user to grow bones and bone constructs on and out of their body. In addition, the user can manipulate the shape of their bones and reinforce them by increasing their density. They can also manipulate their own skeleton to increase their defence.
1003.All Killing Ash Bones,6.5
#Naruto - All Killing Ash Bones allows the user to control their own skeleton and grow bone constructs out of their own body. They are able to reinforce these bones and if they manage to pierce the body of a living being they start deteriorating down to the molecular level until they die. The sure kill effect's potency is dependent on the power difference between the user and the target.
1004.Prophecy,4.4
#You are able to tell the future across a large timeframe as prophecies. Although they aren't very accurate, your prophecies can point you towards crucial information or important things. The vaguer the prophecy the less energy you require to tell it.
1005.Future Observation,5.8
#You are able to tell the future, across a short or longer span of time. The more seconds you look into the future, the more energy you expend. The future you see is the future that would have happened had you not used Future Sight. Overuse can cause temporary brain bleeding.
1006.Future Reading,3.2
#You can read the near future. Being able to tell what can happen in a small time frame that you can train to increase. The future you read is not absolute but very probable, the more knowledge you have about the situation, the more accurate your readings. 
1007.Future Prediction,3.7
#You can predict the future. Allowing you to calculate the future of a target. You can predict the chances of a dice rolling a 6, or what the roll of a slot machine is going to give. What move your opponent is going to open up with or what stocks are going to rise and fall. The more information and better sensory abilities you have, the better your predictions.  
1008.Foresight,3.5
#Yomi Hustle - Allows you to place a foresight, an afterimage of yourself in anywhere in your range of perception. At any moment you teleport to the location of this foresight but it disappears if you leave within 100 meters of it or leave it for more than 1 hour, it also dissipates when damaged. You can only create a single Foresight but you can increase that number by training.
1009.Tinker PvZ,5.2
#Plants vs Zombies - Allows you to genetically engineer plants from Plants vs Zombies. Such as flowers that turn sunlight into energy, ones that punch people or breathe fire. The more powerful and esoteric a plant is the more resources you need to produce them.
1010.Labyrinthian,7.1
#You are the legendary minatour of myth. Your physical abilities are amplified to an inhuman level, especially your strength and endurance in addition to gaining the traits of a bull. In addition, you can turn any area you are in into a labyrinth, allowing you to shuffle all points of entry and exit in an era to lead to wherever you want. Even a future reader would get stuck for a hundred years in a forest.
1011.Hyper,6.5
#You are not just super, you are HYPER! You have extreme physical abilities and flight, the classic super package taken to the extreme. The more energy you expend the stronger and faster you are.
1012.Divinity Healing,8.6
#You are a god of healing and restoration, possessing domain over all healing allowing you to perform miracles governing your domain by expending energy. For you, death may as well be the same as sleeping and mythical poisons a mild cold.
1013.Law of Restoration,7.5
#Allows you to enforce the Law of Restoration on a target. When the law is enforced the target is forcefully restored to whatever state it is deemed "restored" in. Even corpses can be restored to life, even erasure can be reversed as long as something remains. The more powerful, damaged or abnormal a target is the more energy you need to expend. As long as it is slotted in, it will activate on yourself at the moment of your death.
1014.Inner Isles,5.8
#There is an island inside of your being. Using this ability you can create doors to a spatial dimension inside of your existence, manifesting as a small island in the middle of a vast ocean with no life in sight, the island does contain vegetation though. Creating larger doors and maintaining doors can consume energy. 
1015.Sea Serpent of the End,7.2
#DxD - Allows you to transform into the Sea Serpent of the End, Leviathan. As Leviathan, a giant mythical sea snake monster you can control all water in your range on a massive scale, being able to tilt seas and drown cities, you can create even more water serpents or summon rains that cause floods. All water-based abilities and effects are massively amplified when using it.
1016.Gradual Transformation,3.6
#You can gradually transform your body into any shape, but due to the transformation being slow, it must be used carefully. It would take roughly 3 hours to slowly turn into a cat and you cannot increase or decrease your mass by more than 500% 
1017.Meltdowner,6.1
#Toaru - Meltdowner allows the user to create and control Particle Waveform High-Speed Canons out of altered electrons. Or in more simple it allows them to unleash incredibly powerful and hot electron beams from their body capable of slicing through any metal like its paper. The more energy you expend the stronger beams you can unleash.
1018.Curse Breaker,3.6
#Curse Breaker allows you to break curses by touching them or an area around you with some training. The strength of the curses and charms you can break scales with the amount of energy you expend.
1019.Shatter Curse,5.2
#Upgrade to Curse Breaker - No curse is safe around you. You are able to dispel and break all curses you touch. The strength of the curses you can break is equal to the amount of energy you expend. With enough energy you can break the curses of gods.
1020.Mystical Eyes of Purity,6.4
#Mystical Eye of the Pure World, using these mystical eyes you can cleanse any target you lock your sight on, allowing you to break curses, cleanse disease and poison, dispel charms and otherwise any status effect that goes against the natural state of the target. The more powerful an affliction the more energy you have to expend and the more strain your eyes suffer.
1021.Point of View,2.5
#Allows you to adjust your viewpoint into three different settings, 1st person is your regular perception, 2nd person allows you to see through the eyes of anyone you are looking and 3rd person allows you to look at things like you have a camera around you that you can rotate as you like.
1022.Minimap,2.9
#You have a minimap in the corner of your vision that automatically maps where you go, and reveals the location of enemies in places you have seen as long as you know they are hostile to you. You can enlarge and zoom the minimap as you like.
1023.Megamap,4.4
#You have a megamap in the corner of your vision, the cooler version of a minimap. The mega map maps everything within a 2.5km radius wherever you step into and keeps track of all living beings' insides, marking them as red or blue depending on whether they are hostile or not. The map is real-time, so it can also be used for satellite viewing.
1024.Loboan Form,4.9
#Ben 10 - You are able to transform into a Loboan or a Loboan Hybrid at will. Loboans are alien werewolves with formidable physical abilities, sharp teeth and claws, as well as having great senses being able to track smells like bloodhounds. Their most notable ability is the ability to send out direct sonic howls that are powerful enough to cause severe damage. 
1025.Blood Golem,2.5
#Fear and Hunger - Allows you to shed your blood to create a puddle of it on the ground from which you can summon a Blood Golem or several Blood Golems. The strength or number of Blood Golems you can summon scales with your physical stats alongside the amount of blood shed (minimum 100ml). 
1026.Apothecary Physique,5.8
#Apothecary Physique allows you to manipulate the inside of your body to reproduce the effects of any chemical or digestible item you have consumed before. Like a health potion, mana potion, iron skin potion, night vision etc. as long as the item you consumed was Epic rank or below. This also grants you complete control over your biochemistry.
1027.Seraph Tracers,5.0
#Calamity Mod - "At the speed of heaven" Allows you to manifest Seraphic wings on your back, amplifying your speed and allowing you to freely fly at great speeds. In addition, for as long as the wings are manifest you are able to resist mundane environmental effects below Epic rank, allowing you to swim in lava, walk on water, walk through natural fire, ignore fall damage, breathe in space etc. The wings themselves are also superhumanly strong, being able to easily bisect people with a swipe and scale with your physical stats. 
1028.Nebula Mantle,3.6
#Terraria/Calamity Mod - "The very stars guide your flight" You can manifest a pair of cosmic wings that grant you fast flight but do not exist in physical space. While the wings are active they resonate with cosmic energies, boosting the power of all spells and allowing you to recover your energy faster the closer it is to night. 
1029.Icarus' Folly,3.5
#"And so the sun never allowed a mortal to flight again" Allows you to enact Icaru's Folly in an area, evoking the wrath of the sun against those who dare take to the skies. Those who exceed 10 meters in elevation start getting burnt by a holy inferno, the higher in elevation they are relative to the ground the hotter the flames they will be burnt by. The width of the zone is dependent on the amount of energy you expend. The larger the area the more energy is expended. Those in the folly are instinctually aware of the danger of flight.
1030.Bullseye,2.9
#"Boom, headshot." Bullseye creates bullseye reticle crosshairs on several random spots on all targets in your line of vision, hitting one of these crosshairs in the middle with a projectile automatically turns into a critical hit, amplifying its power and damage. With training, you can more accurately place crosshairs on targets.
1031.Perfect Impostor,6.0
#You can disguise yourself as other people with your ability, but not just that, it will apply a normality effect on them that will actively convince others that you are that person even if you act out of character. The more out of character the more energy you consume and the effect will fade if the target is absolutely stronger than you or you act in ways that would directly compromise your identity. 
1032.Sticky Icky,0.4
#Your skin is uncomfortably sticky to other people, as if you were soaked in glue or soda but you won't feel the difference.
1033.Tinker - Erotics,2.6
#(Tech)Tinker - Allows you to build technological constructs or items that are related to Sexual events, such as Aphrodisiacs, Sexual Instruments, Contraceptives, etc.
1034.Shrine,6.1
#JuJutsu Kaisen - The Cursed Technique of the Kind of Curses. Shrine allows you to use Cleave, Dismantle and Furnace. Dismantle allows you to send out flying invisible slashes of varying power, Cleave allows you to create more powerful instant slashes across a target by touching them, and Furnace allows you to manifest a powerful fire arrow that you can unleash. If you achieve enough mastery or receive enlightenment, you may even be able to unleash the Malevolent Shrine.
1035.Imagine Breaker,6.5
#Toaru - The Illusion Killer, Imagine Breaker is the ultimate negation tool. Being able to negate anything supernatural that couldn't possibly exist on base Earth. The Imagine Breaker dwells in your right hand but as it is so powerful, it also negates your own supernatural capabilities, such as abilities, magic etc. for as long as it is active(Note: This is only the base Imagine Breaker and does not contain the beings sealed inside) 
1036.Sex Manipulation,1.0
#(Nsfw) Allows you to alter your genitals to your liking as long as the changes are not absurd. Make your penis large, smaller, curved, horse shaped or just add another penis on top because why not? Get rid of your wiener, give yourself one if you never had one. Go wild, the possibilities are there.
1037.Genderswap,1.8
#Allows you to swap your gender and the genders of those who don't or can't resist your ability. The swapped gender version will usually be in a form that you yourself find attractive. You could also go halfway if need be.
1038.Deception,3.1
#Your words are imbued with the power of lies, making them sound more convincing or believable. The stronger a target is, the more energy will be consumed and the less efficient the ability will be. The more unbelievable your lie is, the less effective the ability is and the more energy it will consume.
1039.Vainglory,6.4
#You possess the ability of Vainglory, the ability to assert your own false truth. By expending your energy, you are able to convince people of your words, no matter how far-fetched, such as making them believe they were a bird. The larger the power difference between you and the target dictates the efficiency of the ability, the harder a lie to believe, the more energy you have to expend to assert it.
1040.Golemancy,5.8
#Golemancy allows you to animate the inanimate into golems under your control. You can create a golem out of any inanimate object you have access to. The power of the golem is dependent on the quality of the materials used and your own power level. Creating golems out of stronger materials consumes more energy, and the maximum amount of golems you can maintain under your control is dependent on your maximum energy(minimum 10); the stronger a golem, the more slots they take up.
1041.Elemental Sublimation,5.2
#Allows the user to turn their body into any basic element of their choosing while still retaining control over their body. Like turning into fire to burn someone, turning into lightning to travel through cables, wind to fly, etc. If any part of your mass is destroyed while in elemental form, the damage will be reflected back to you.
1042.Video Travel,4.6
#(Tech)Video Travel allows you to slip into screens of screens of devices and travel from them to other devices with a screen connected to the same network or wired together.
1043.Luck Drain,5.2
#Allows you to touch people to drain their luck and add it to your own temporarily. The more energy you expend and the longer the contact the more luck you can steal, the more luck you steal, the more the energy requirement scales exponentially. This luck is temporary and will fade over time, returning to the target it was stolen from.
1044.Jinx,3.0
#Jinx allows you to inflict a curse on targets that reduces their luck by touch, not to an extent that would harm them, but enough to disadvantage them. This effect can be somewhat increased by expending more energy and being stronger than the target. You can also unleash this ability as a moderate speed Hex projectile.
1045.Misfortune,4.8
#You can unleash an aura of misfortune from your body, reducing the luck of those close to you or direct it towards further targets by narrowing the range. The more energy you expend, the more powerful the luck reduction is, and the difference between you and the target's power dictates the effect of the aura on them.
1046.Malus,6.2
#"Directing the hatred of fate" You are able to inflict a target in your range of vision with Malus. When a target is marked by Malus, you are able to expend energy to reduce the outcomes of their actions. If this were DnD, you would be putting a negative modifier on the actions they take. The stronger of a malus you inflict on a target, the more energy you have to expend and the more exhausted you will be. Trying to put too big of a malus on too strong of a target can cause it to backfire.
1047.Choosing Fate,8.5
#You are able to see numerous possible futures that do not take into account your precognition. And you are able to enforce the future of your choice by expending energy. Out of the billions of possible futures from a slot machine, you can always pick the one where you get a jackpot. Or for your opponents, throw out the attacks and perform the actions that give you a better advantage. The more powerful a target and the more improbably a future you are altering the fate of, the larger the backlash you will incur and the more energy you have to expend. With enough energy you can even enforce an absolutely improbable future where your opponents attack tunnel effects through you.
1048.United We Stand,4.6
#Yugioh - For as long as United We Stand is active, you are able to select a familiar and add all of its physical stats onto your own. For each ability slot you are not using, you can choose another familiar to use the strength of.
1049.Tinker - Minimisation,3.7
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines that are minimised and smaller versions of existing technology. Like creating a hyper compact nuclear reactor that can fit in an apartment, a building-sized supercomputer into a laptop, etc. Whatever technology exists, you can create a far smaller version of it without sacrificing quality and reducing energy consumption.
1050.Tinker - Macro,4.1
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines that are scaled-up versions of existing technologies. You can create gigantic warplanes hundreds of meters long, create cannons that shoot out human-sized shells, a giant microwave death chamber, etc.
1051.Tinker - Ecology,3.2
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines that deal with Nature, utilising, helping and benefiting from it. You can create Bio-Domes, incredibly efficient fertilisers, animal lures and foods, very efficient solar panels and geothermal reactors, terraforming equipment and much more.
1052.Tinker - Energy,6.0
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to the production and use of energy. Such as hyper-efficient solar panels and wind farms, microfusions reactors, bio reactors, Hydro Reactors, and even arc reactors.
1053.Tinker - Industrialisation,3.7
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to industrialisation. Such as creating factories, massive, efficient production lines, autonomous drone workers, assembly lines, anything you can build, you can create production lines and factories to do it for you more efficiently at a larger scale. 
1054.Tinker - Augments,4.5
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to augmenting Biology and Physical Bodies. Such as subdermal armour, biomonitors, hormone regulators, bonding bone with metal, metal skeleton, reinforced tendons, stronger muscles etc.
1055.Tinker - Nanomachines,6.1
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to Nanotechnology. Such as creating nanobots to perform operations and tasks at an impossibly small scale, like altering individual cells, creating nanomachines that harden in response to physical trauma, nanobots that can disrupt machines, nanocameras, nanomachine clothes etc.
1056.Tinker - Dimensions,8.2
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to the manipulations of dimensions and dimensional operations. Such as pocket dimension generators, teleportation sealers, Dimensional Rams, Interdimensional Portals, unbreakable spatial barrier generators, drawing energy from neighbouring parallel dimensions and much more. Essentially the Kaleidescope through Science.
1057.Tinker - Medicine,5.7
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to Medicines and the Production of them. Such as medicines that cure poisons and toxins, medicines that bolster health etc.
1058.Tinker - Destruction,8.0
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to destruction and mass destruction. Such as Unstable Matter Rockets, Disintegration Cannons, Black Hole Generators, and Doomsday Devices in general. The constructions you create generally take inspiration from your abilities and traits.
1059.Tinker - Mind,6.8
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to influencing and controlling minds. Such as mental suggestion music, neuralyzers, mind control helmets, mental reprogramming machines, etc.
1060.Tinker - Time,7.9
#(Tech) Allows you to build, construct, and design contraptions or machines related to messing with time. Grenades that age people to dust, time-dilated training rooms, time-stopping machines, statis barriers, FTL spacrafts via time dilation drives, etc. This speciality is a really expensive one.
1061.Aid,1.3
#You are capable of healing others and yourself by expending your energy, but not by a very substantial amount. You might be able to heal scratches, scrapes and bruises. Healing effectiveness is dependent on the power difference between you and the target.
1062.Minor Cure,2.4
#You are capable of healing others by expending your energy. You can heal things like stabs, slashes and broken bones, but more severe wounds take significantly more energy. Healing effectiveness is dependent on the power difference between you and the target.
1063.Cure,3.5
#You are capable of healing others and yourself by expending your energy. The scale of healing you perform is dependent on the amount of energy you expend; the more lethal a wound is, the greater amount of energy you need to expend. Healing effectiveness is dependent on the power difference between you and the target.
1064.Greater Cure Wounds,4.4
#You are capable of greatly healing others and yourself by expending your energy. The more energy you expend, the stronger a healing effect you can exert; the more severe a wound, the more energy your healing consumes, but you can heal even lethal wounds. Healing effectiveness is dependent on the power difference between you and the target.
1065.Restoration,5.7
#You are capable of healing yourself and others by expending your own energy and imbuing them with potent healing energies. The more energy you exert, the more potent the effect of your healing. Healing effectiveness is dependent on the power difference between you and the target.
1066.Nightmare,5.6
#"Reaper of Minds" You have offensive mind manipulation, you cannot subtly influence minds, if conventional telepathy is a scalpel, yours is a missile. You can send mind blasts to confuse opponents, damage their minds with a look, crush the minds of those weaker than you, and hijack their bodies to act against their minds or torment them with living nightmares. The less destructive purposes Nightmare is used for, the greater the energy cost is increased by. Effectiveness is dependent on the mental strength of the opponent and their power level relative to yours.
1067.Cry,0.1
#You are able to shed very salty tears at will.
1068.Super Polymerization,5.6
#Yugioh - Allows you to temporarily fuse two living beings together to get a new entity with both of their abilities. Unwilling targets can resist the effect depending on their level of power. The stronger targets you fuse together with yourself or between them, the higher the energy cost. Keeping two entities fused together drains energy over time.
1069.Greedy Healing,5.5
#"Restoration, but at what cost?" Greedy Healing is an incredibly potent restoration ability, but instead of consuming Mana, it consumes wealth instead. The more wealth you give up to Greedy healing, the more potent the effect you will get. For a dollar, you would be pressed to recover a chipped nail, but with enough material wealth burnt, you can bring back even limbs and possibly even a life. The stronger a target you are affecting, and the larger the effect you want to enact, the more wealth you have to sacrifice in the form of wealth that belongs to you, such as gold coins, artefacts, items and or even people.(Infinite Money Glitch does not count as a valid sacrifice)
1070.Tinker - Gravity,3.5
#(Tech)Allows you to build technology and technological constructs based on the manipulation of gravity. You are able to build things like anti-gravity thrusters, Zero-G fields, gravity anchors, increased weight training rooms and much more. As this is a low rank, do not expect to be building black hole projectors or gravitron crushers anytime soon.
1071.The Tinkerer,9.4
#(Tech)Worm - This tinker ability allows you to build the technology and technological constructs of the Entities. Such as Doomsday Drivers, Multiversal Travel, Time Bombs, and any Tinker specialisation from their universe.
1072.Tinker - One Punch Man,7.7
#(Tech)One Punch Man - This tinker ability allows you to build and replicate the technology of Metal Knight from One Punch Man. Such as mass producing weapons, Drone Bodies, giant mechs, large-scale drones and much, much more. You can even build Dragon Class Mechs if given enough time.
1073.Tinker - Scraps,3.0
#(Tech) - This tinker allows you to build much more functional and useful technology out of scraps. You could probably build a working tank in a scrapyard, a phone out of a broken radio, a mech out of demolished cars, and can easily jury-rig existing technology out of subpar materials.
1074.Tinker - Big MT,6.7
#(Tech)Fallout - This tinker allows you to build the technologies of the Big Mountain built by the Think Tank. Including teleporters, genetically modified monsters, pacification fields, sonic weaponry, lobotomites and much more.
1075.Tinker - Kuseno,7.2
#(Tech)One Punch Man - You are able to build technology based on the knowledge base of the Genius Dr. Kuseno. Allowing you to build immensely powerful cyborg bodies, ranging from destroying city blocks to continent busters with enough time, testing and resources.
1076.Armageddon Blade,7,2
#The All Incinerating Armageddon Blade, the Blade that Embodies Wrath Against All Creation. Allows you to conjure the Armageddon Blade, a blade of pure destructive flame and heat that massively amplifies Pyro attribute effects. The blade can cut through almost anything and constantly burns with the Flames of Armageddon that it can unleash. The Flames of Armageddon are beyond mere flames; they embody oblivion, they don't simply burn, they burn away existence itself. Instead of reducing to ash, they erase the remains of the object. The stronger you are, the more potent the flames are. By expending enough energy, you can unleash them like a sword beam.
1077.Frozen Dawn,7.1
#The Frozen Dawn, or the Frigid Spear of Sun's End. Allows you to conjure a Frozen Spear that massively amplifies the power of all Cryo attributes when held. The spear is capable of unleashing hellish frigid energy that can even freeze energy like mana and kinetic energy. Anything stabbed by it is doomed to freeze, even including their mana and life; the weaker they are compared to the user, the faster they freeze. You can also create additional boomer spears to launch as projectiles.
1078.World Crusher,7.0
#The Hammer of Continental Destruction, The Mountain Crusher allows you to conjure a hammer made of the deepest depths of the earth. While you hold the hammer, your strength and Earth-based attributes are massively enhanced. This hammer allows you to change the landscape with your strikes, like making mountains erupt as spikes with each strike. This hammer allows you to unleash quaking shockwaves by swinging it, and hitting any being head-on will unleash quakes powerful enough to tear them inside out. With enough power and energy, you can alter an entire planet with a single swim.
1079.Hulk Out,7.6
#Marvel - You can unleash the physique of a Gamma Mutate, growing largely in size and gaining godlike physical abilities. In addition, your physical strength grows proportionally to your rage without a discernible limit. (Note: Just the basic Hulk transformation, no connection shenanigans.)
1080.Garm Physique,6.7
#God of War - You are capable of transforming into Garm or a hybrid form of Garm. As Garm, the Hound of Hel, you possess immense physical abilities and a terrifying presence. In addition, your teeth and claws can tear apart anything, even the fabric of dimensions, allowing you to crew portals and break dimensional boundaries.
1081.Ghost Ammunition,2.7
#(Tech)Allows you to conjure ghost ammunition for your weapons. This ammunition mimics the properties of the ammo the weapon would otherwise use, but consumes your energy to create and disappear 1 second after hitting a target.
1082.Spectre Ammo,3.5
#(Tech)Allows you to conjure spectre ammunition out of your energy for any weapon you have in your possession that mimics the properties of the ammunition your weapon would otherwise utilise. You can imbue your energy into these bullets to increase their power and combine it with your other abilities to give them special properties. 
1083.Tinker - Gel,5.7
#(Tech) This tinker ability allows you to build, design and build technology and technological constructs related to gels. Such as super lubricant, impact absorption gel, hardening gel, restraint gel, fire retardant gel, gel bombs, if it's gel, you can gel it!
1084.Tinker - Crystals,6.5
#(Tech) This tinker ability allows you to build, design and build technology and technological constructs related to Crystals and Crystal-based constructs. Such as putting things in preservation crystals, self-repairing crystal plates, crystals with exceptional energy storage, and even crystal transmutation if you get good enough.
1085.Tinker - Metallurgy,4.9
#(Tech) This tinker ability allows you to build, design and build technology and technological constructs related to Metals and Alloys. Such as metal fabricators, wonderous alloys out of mundane metals, superconductors, metals with seemingly impossible properties, as well as metal-based cold weapons and armour.
1086.Dampener,3.2
You are able to weaken effects and abilities by being in contact with them. The weaker an ability is in relation to you and the longer you stay in contact, the more it is weakened before being disabled completely.
1087.Shut Off,4.7
#You are able to shut off people's powers by making physical contact with them. The amount of energy you need to expend to do so depends on the power difference between you and the target. Strong enough targets may only be partially affected.
1088.Power Opression,5.2
#You are able to release an aura of power-dampening around yourself. The effectiveness of the power dampening depends on the power difference between you and the target; weak enough targets will be completely suppressed, while strong enough targets can resist the effects.
1089.Tinker - Vehicles(I),1.7
#This tinker ability makes you supernaturally good at designing, modifying and building Vehicles. The vehicles you build are certainly marvels of engineering and maybe beyond, but they cannot go beyond the levels of your current world.
1090.Tinker - Vehicles(II),2.6
#This tinker ability allows you to build, design and build technology and technological constructs related to Vehicles. Such as a sports car that is better armoured than a tank, an all-terrain motorcycle including air, a train that projects train tracks below it using hard light, etc. But you won't be building Killdozers anytime soon.
1091.Tinker - Vehicles(IV),6.7
#This tinker ability allows you to build, design and build technology and technological constructs related to Vehicles. Allowing you to build things such as proper space vessels, supersonic flying cars, adding things such as weapons, hard light shield emitters and being able to borrow ideas from weak minor tinker abilities to improve your vehicle designs.
1092.Tinker Vehicles(V),8.3
#No such thing as a vehicle overkill enough. This tinker ability allows you to build, design and build technology and technological constructs related to Vehicles. Whether that is FTL drive starships, a warp drive motorcycle, or a goliath doomship, or a spacecraft that can survive landing on a star. Or just a really dapper car. As long as it's a vehicle, you can build it.
1093.Tinker - Bio(I),3.4
#This tinker ability makes you supernaturally good at designing, modifying and building biological constructs. At this level, you can probably crossbreed and genetically modify plants and create items related to biology, like simple biomonitors, etc.
1094.Tinker - Bio(II),5.1
#This Tinker ability allows you to build technology and technological constructs related to biology and altering biology. Such as operating tables and tools to modify biology, modifying bones to be super shock absorbent and dense, creating an artificial heart that gives someone an increased regeneration factor, and seamless biological replacement limbs. Creating homunculi, etc.
1095.Tinker - Bio(III),6.4
#This Tinker ability allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to biology and living organisms. Such as homunculi vats, completely overhauling biology, genetic alteration, creating and designing living beings from scratch. You can even create incredibly potent viruses.
1096.Tinker - Bio(IV),7.8
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to biology and living organisms. Such as Cloning Vats, granting biological powers, cracking the codes of genetically passed down powers, complete genetic overhauling, sentient viruses that assimilate into people's bodies and eat them inside out, and much more.
1097.Tinker - Bio(V),8.3
#(Tech)Allows you to build technological constructs or contraptions related to biology and living organisms. Such as being able to decode and grant genetics-based abilities you have scanned, creating incredibly powerful living creatures from scratch, design, fabricate and assimilate legendary rank and below biology-based abilities to beings, and much, much more.
1098.Thinker - Alchemy(I),2.1
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to alchemical reagents, potions and production of those items. Such as minor potions like healing, stamina restoration, making skin slightly tougher, or potent acids to be used in combat.
1099.Thinker - Alchemy(II),3.8
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to alchemical reagents, potions and production of those items. Such as healing, stamina, energy potions, potions that cure diseases, grant minor permanent buffs, or very explosive gases, incendiary acid, etc. But the stronger a target that consumes a potion, the less effective it is, and vice versa. The more potent a potion is, the better materials you need for it.
1100.Thinker - Alchemy(III),5.2
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to alchemical reagents, potions and production of those items. Such as potions that permanently alter bodies, potent ingredients such as more potent gunpowder and flesh-eating acid and general potions such as Healing, Mana, Ironskin, with notable potency, but the stronger a target that consumes a potion, the less effective it is, and vice versa. The more potent a potion is, the better materials you need for it.
1101.Thinker - Alchemy(IV),6.4
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to alchemical reagents, potions and production of those items. You can craft incredibly potent potions such as healing potions that restore limbs perfectly, mana boosting potions, ultra steroids, and permanent buff potions that grant physical traits up to Epic Tier and many more alchemical reagents.
1102.Thinker - Alchemy(V),7.8
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to alchemical reagents, potions and production of those items. You can create miracles with alchemy if you have enough resources, Panaceas, Elixirs, Ichor, whatever can be crafted from alchemy, you can create it, even make Elixirs that can grant physical traits up to Legendary rank.
1103.Tinker - Augments(I),1,8
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Augments and Implants. At such a low level, you can only do augmentations such as replacement limbs, metal bone plating, camera eyes, and functional metal teeth. You are also skilled at performing surgeries to install said augments.
1104.Tinker - Augments(II),2.9
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Augments and Implants. Such as simple enhanced camera eyes, subdermal armour, reinforced tendons, hormone regulators, hidden blades and guns, etc. You are also skilled at performing surgeries to install said augments.
1105.Tinker - Augments(III),4.2
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Augments and Implants. Such as mechanical bones, full body augments good enough to turn someone into an Augmented(trait), you can also create powerful combat augments, such as specialised camera eyes, robotic arms that unravel into machine guns, metabolism regulators, and much more. You could make your own Robocops or Astartes-lites.
1106.Tinker - Augments(IV),6.5
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Augments and Implants. You can perform full body conversions to essentially turn people into powerful Cyborgs strong enough to flip over tanks and dodge bullets, you can fit an amount of implants in a body that otherwise should not be able to fit that much tech, because who doesn't want a minigun popping out of their stomach? Whoever said you can't fit a tank and a missile silo inside of a person has not met you. You can fit enough implants into one body to make them be legally considered a military company. Go out and build your own Adam Smashers.
1107.Tinker - Augments(V),8.2
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Augments and Implants. Your level of technology allows you to augment regular people into damn near demigods. Small supercomputers in brains? Sure. Time Dilating spines? Why not. Augmented skeleton and muscles strong enough to suplex millions of tons without sweat? That's a given. Superman-lite laser eyes? Only if you are creative enough. Go out and build yourself a Genos or a Raiden.
1108.Tinker - Defence(I),1.8
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Defence and Protection. At this level, you are limited to modifying existing stuff to make them more sturdy and durable, and also creating things like basic shields, bulletproof glass, 
1109.Tinker - Defence(II),2.9
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Defence and Protection. At this level, you are able to create far more resistant and sturdy things as well as constructs specifically for protection. Fireproof(up to a certain level) coating, impact-resistant suit, EMP threading, bulletproof fabric, etc.
1110.Tinker - Defence(III),4.5
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Defence and Protection. Creating things such as shield projectors, reinforced chasis', skintight suits that can take bullets without the wearer feeling it, different coatings to provide elemental resistances, and creating incredibly durable machines in general.
1111.Tinker - Defence(IV),6.4
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Defence and Protection. Creating things such as giant forcefield projectors that can cover cities, creating regular cloth-like outfits that automatically harden in response to physical trauma to protect the user, Spatial Locks to prevent teleportation, and hyper-advanced paint that protects from elemental attacks. You can gear up a regular bicycle so much that you could ride it in the bottom of the ocean, in deep space and inside a volcano without scratching the paint. If you put some resources, effort and time in, you could probably make a phone that survives nuclear war without cracking the glass.
1112.Tinker - Defence(V),8.6
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to Defence and Protection. Giant forcefield projectors that bend space, time and energy to be nigh unbreakable? Sure. Alloys and fabrics that can be left in the sun with just a slight singe? That's a given. A gimp suit that can let a normal man survive nuclear war? ...Alright. Given enough time, resources and experience, you can make alloys and shield projectors that even gods cannot put a dent in. 
1113.Tinker - Ranged Weapon(I),1.5
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to ranged weapons. Though at this level, all you are capable of is building mostly mundane weapons like gunpowder weaponry like pistols, snipers, bows, slingshots, etc., at least they are supernaurally well constructed.
1114.Tinker - Ranged Weapon(II),2.8
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to ranged weapons. Allowing you to build supernaturally efficient weapons and ammunition for the weapons you build. You can build revolvers that can blow through solid steel, and even rudimentary railgun weapons to replace gunpowder.
1115.Tinker - Ranged Weapon(III),4.7
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to ranged weaponry. Allowing you to build supernaturally powerful weapons and ammunition for the weapons you build. You can make gunpowder, electromagnetic and laser weapons too, with each having its own upsides and downsides. You could make a pistol that has enough power to rival a bolter and give it ammunition that also explodes into thermite. Or a canon that makes a Gustav look like a water gun.
1116.Tinker - Ranged Weapon(IV),6.4
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to ranged weaponry. Allowing you to build supernaturally powerful weapons and ammunition for the weapons you build. Gunpowder, Laser, Plasma, Electromagnetism, such are yours to design guns with. Ranging from giant machine guns to mow down entire armies, dark energy blasters to wipe out entire city blocks in single shots, and giant city-busting canons to incredibly efficient and even esoteric guns that can turn even a scrap of metal into a bullet that can rip through tanks.
1117.Tinker - Ranged Weapon(V),8.5
#(Tech)Allows you to design, modify and build technology and technological constructs related to ranged weapons. The weapons you build rival the weapons of the gods. Make a sniper rifle that rips a hole through space to instantly land the bullet between an enemy's head. Make a pistol that shoots a compressed nuclear explosion. Make a giant canon that makes the Death Star look like a sad, wet fart. The only limit is the resources you have and the time you are willing to invest into it.
1118.Tinker - Fortification,4.9
#This Tinker specialisation allows you to build, design, modify and create technology and technology related to fortifications. Never worry about being invaded again, creating technology such as self-repairing walls, hidden turrets, proximity sensors, missile batteries, laser traps, spatial locks, etc. Tech made with this specialisation only works when attached to a sufficiently large building or area. 
1119.Tinker - Resident Evil,6.0
#Resident Evil - This Tinker ability allows you to build technology and constructs from the Resident Evil Universe. More specifically, you can design and cultivate the viruses, such as the Tyrant Virus, the Uroboros Virus, the Progenitor Virus, parasites, etc. This Tinker ability is rather time-intensive due to the amount of time needed to cultivate Viruses. With time, you could even modify the viruses to get rid of side effects, eventually. ...It will take a lot of trial and error.
1120.Tinker - Aperture Science,5.7
#Portal - This Tinker ability allows you to build technology of the Aperture Science Labs. Including turrets, portal guns, speed and jump gel, anti-fall boots, rudimentary non-combat robots, strong AI and much more. What it lacks in raw power, it makes up for in breadth of utility.
1121.Budding,5.8
#You are capable of granting people abilities by giving them buds of your own abilities that manifest as sidegrades. The buds cannot be stronger than Elite rank, and the maximum level of ability a target can hold depends on their own innate talents. The ability you budded is made weaker until they can fully assimilate the ability as their own, at which point you can retrieve the bud from them and restore your strength. You can retrieve buds anytime.
1122.Tinker - Taimanin,7.0
#(Tech)(Lewd) Taimanin - Allows you to learn, research and build technology from the Taimanin universe. Granting you access to technology such as advanced prosthetics, genetic modification, basic cloning, augments, brainwashing, demonization and a whole lot of other... lewd technology in addition to the basic sci-fi package.
1123.Tinker - Cosmetics,2.0
#Tinker - This Tinker ability allows you to modify, create and design technological constructs related to cosmetics and appearances. Hyper-realistic masks, making an existing machine look good, holograms, beauty cream, perfumes, etc.
1124.Tinker - Electricity,6.7
#Tinker - This Tinker speciality allows you to build, modify, and design technological constructs relating to electricity. Ultra Tesla coils, harnessing thunder from above, and just about anything that harnesses the power of electricity(separate from magnetism).
1125.Tinker - Dungeonmaster,6.5
#Tinker - This Tinker speciality allows you to build constructs, magical or technological, relating to the creation of dungeons and dungeon-related contraptions. You are able to create dungeon rooms that are larger on the inside than outside, nigh indescrutable walls, numerous traps that only work inside the dungeon, several utility dungeon rooms, etc. But your Dungeon must have at least one accessible entrance and a plausible way to reach the core for an invader. Tech from this specialisation only works inside the dungeon, and all tech inside the dungeon is boosted.
1126.Tinker - Sustenance,2.8
#This tinker speciality allows you to build, modify and design constructs related to sustenance. You can create things such as efficient farms, incredibly efficient water purifiers and water condensers, blood alternatives for vampires, hyper-efficient food bars, life force alternatives made specifically for consumption, greater light projectors for plants, etc. The more different kinds of sustenance requirements you encounter, the more varied tech you can make.
1127.Mystic Eyes of Depth Perception,0.2
#These mystical eyes allow you to supernaturally gain awareness of the depth of an object or location in relation to something else.
1128.Swiftness,2.4
#You are able to amplify your movements with energy, making you move faster, but this does not affect your natural agility or senses. The faster you go, the more the energy cost increases.
1129.Impact,2.8
#You are able to amplify the physical impacts of your attacks by expending energy, making your punches and kicks, etc. deal more damage, but this does not amplify your stats, only the impact of your hits.
1130.False Data,2.0
#You are able to falsify your statistics and abilities to show scrying and analysing abilities what you want them to see instead of what you actually have.
1131.Multiplicity,2.8
#Multiplicity allows you to duplicate your limbs and organs. Conjure multiple sets of arms, multiple sets of eyes, or another heart if you can fit another one in there. Adding more limbs and organs to your body will cause strain.
1132.Tunnel Effect,5.5
#You are able to temporarily enforce Quantum Tunnelling on yourself. Altering probability on yourself to make the stars align and have attacks appear past you harmlessly, or allowing you to quantum tunnel through objects or obstacles. This ability is quite draining to use. And the longer you use the ability, the more the energy consumption increases exponentially.
1133.Unseen Hand,4.9
#Re:Zero - Unseen hand allows you to summon numerous invisible hand-like appendages from your body under your control that you can freely extend and use. The hands are superhumanly strong, even being able to merge with each other to form a slower but stronger and larger hand. The power of the hands and the amount you can manifest at once depends on 
1134.Cor Leonis,2.5
#Re:Zero - Cor Leonis allows you to sense your allies as spots of light in your vision. By using Cor Leonis, you are able to take on their physical and mental conditions, such as exhaustion, onto yourself. You can also transfer these conditions to your allies as long as they are willing.
1135.Return By Death,9.0
#Re:Zero - "You return by dea-" It allows you to do as the name suggests, every time you die, you return in time to a set spawn point. The spawnpoints are random, but do reset every time you go to sleep for more than 6 hours. Does not activate with soul or existence erasure. 
1136.Conjure Ice,2.1
#Allows you to create constructs of ice out of your own energy, you do not have control over the ice beyond creating it, and you cannot freeze objects, just create objects out of ice. Such as walls of ice, ice weapons, ice blocks, ice boulders, etc.
1137.Conjure Rock,2.4
#Allows you to manifest rock constructs out of your own energy; you do not have control over the rocks beyond creating and shaping them, simply creating constructs made of rocks. Such as rock weapons, boulders, rock walls, stone blocks etc.
1138.Wallmaster,3.7
#You can make a wall out of anything, any wall, all walls, walls, walls. Stone walls, ice walls, walls of wind, walls of solified sunlight, walls of raw energy. Anything in your arsenal, you can shape it into a wall, or any object and ground you are touching, you can turn it into a wall. The size of the wall and its durability scale with the amount of energy you use. Walls.
1139.Swordmaster,4.2
#You can make a sword out of anything, any sword, swords, swords, good swords. Swords of fire, swords of light, swords of ice, swords of wind, swords of energy, swords of swords, swords. Anything in your arsenal, including your abilities as well as any object in your possession or unoccupied material you are touching, you are able to turn them into a sword, with the power and duration of the sword depending on the amount of energy you expend. Swords.
1140.Knighting,5.0
#You can convert an ability of yours into an armament that you can bestow upon someone willing to receive. The abilities of the weapon or piece of equipment they receive are based on the ability you have bestowed. Once they accept your gift and are knighted, they are unable to refuse your orders as your vassal. If you take an armament back from a Knight, they lose their status and can never be knighted again. They must know the burden of the armament you are bestowing for this ability to work. A Knight can be teleported to your location every 24 hours.
1141.Burden of Servitude,4.8
#"Servitude at a price" Allows you to collar a target, in exchange for bestowing a portion of your abilities or traits to them. Once they are collared, they are completely unable to disobey your orders, and you can summon them to your location at any time. The stronger a target, the more abilities and traits you need to grant them in exchange for collaring them. The granted traits and abilities can never be taken back and are lost when the target is killed. If a target is too strong in relation to you, this ability cannot be used.
1142.Greed's Deal,6.6
#"Everything and everyone has a price." You are able to buy anything from anyone, as long as you pay enough for it. You can pay them to give you an item of theirs, for a night with them, for them to kill their family, for them to devote themselves to you, for anything. The price you need to pay depends on your power level in relation to them and how willing they would be to perform the action otherwise. If they are weak enough, you could buy their soul for a dollar, but for someone strong enough, you might need to pay an epic item just to get them to calm down. Your payment must be in items such as gold or valuable items. Items you use for payment are burnt out of existence.
1143.Reaper's Voice,5.6
#"Deal with their baser instincts, not their logic" You are able to command people through fear; the more they fear you, the more you are able to command, scaling with your ability to intimidate someone. If they fear you enough, you could convince them to give up just about anything, their children, their wives, their house, their life, their kingdom. Even if they obey the command out of fear, they will not be able to oppose it when you stop using your ability. Whenever they do, the fear returns to them. 
1144.Subtitles,3.0
#Who needs dub? Whenever anything makes sound, you will get subtitles for it. If someone is speaking, it will appear as "Good for you to finally join us(Sarcastically)" regardless of the language they are speaking. This also applies to sound effects, also describing the noise like [Assassin's Footsteps], [Grenade Pin Being Pulled], [Fireball Chant] etc. Only applies to relevant sounds and people you are actually paying attention to.